Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336


<<mail id>>
<<First Name>><<Last Name>>
<<Address1>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>	<<Date>>




Dear <<First Name>> <<Last Name>>:

21st Century Oncology is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of our patients’ personal information.
Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving some of that information.

On November 13, 2015, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) advised us that patient information was illegally
obtained by an unauthorized third party who may have gained access to a 21st Century database. We immediately
hired a leading forensics firm to support our investigation, assess our systems and bolster security. The forensics
firm determined that, on October 3, 2015, the intruder may have accessed the database, which contained information
that may have included your name, Social Security number, physician’s name, diagnosis and treatment information,
and insurance information. We have no evidence that your medical record was accessed.

The FBI asked that we delay notification or public announcement of the incident until now so as not to interfere with
its investigation. Now that law enforcement’s request for delay has ended, we are notifying patients as quickly as
possible. We continue to work closely with the FBI on its investigation of the intrusion into our system. In addition
to security measures already in place, we have also taken steps to enhance internal security protocols to help prevent
a similar incident in the future.

We have no indication that your information has been misused in any way; however, out of an abundance of
caution, we are offering you a free one-year membership of Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps
detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with identity protection services focused on
immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. ProtectMyID Alert is completely free to you, and enrolling
in this program will not hurt your credit score. For more information on identity theft prevention and ProtectMyID
Alert, including instructions on how to activate your complimentary one-year membership, please see the additional
information provided in this letter. We also recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits that you
receive from your health insurer. If you see services that you did not receive, please contact your insurer immediately.

We deeply regret any concern this may cause you, and we want to emphasize that your care will not be affected
by this incident. Should you have any questions, please call 1-866-446-1405, from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Eastern Time,
Monday through Friday.

Sincerely,



Daniel Dosoretz, M.D.
President and CEO

Attachment




O4581 v.06 03.01.2016
                                    Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.	 ENSURE That You Enroll By: July 7, 2016 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Website to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	 PROVIDE Your Activation Code: <<code>>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call (866) 271-3084 and provide engagement
#: PC98965

ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

      ▪▪    Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ▪▪    Surveillance Alerts for:
                ○○ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes and suspicious activity found on your
                    Experian, Equifax®, and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ▪▪    Identity Theft Resolution and ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to U.S.-based customer care
            and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
            from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
            grantors to dispute charges and close accounts, including credit, debit, and medical insurance cards; assist
            with freezing credit files; and contact government agencies.
                ○○ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
                    added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high level of
                    Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ▪▪    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs, including lost wages, private
            investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                          Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                           or call (866) 271-3084 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report, or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at (866) 271-3084.

Even if you choose not to take advantage of this free credit monitoring service, we recommend that you remain vigilant
to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit card, bank, and other financial statements for
any unauthorized activity. You may also obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, directly from each
of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies. To order your credit report, free of charge, once every twelve
months, please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the
three nationwide credit reporting agencies is as follows:

               Equifax                 Experian                  TransUnion
               PO Box 740241           PO Box 2002               PO Box 1000
               Atlanta, GA 30374       Allen, TX 75013           Chester, PA 19022
               www.equifax.com         www.experian.com          www.transunion.com
               1-800-685-1111          1-888-397-3742            1-800-916-8800

If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been
misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Office of the Attorney General
in your home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:

                                           Federal Trade Commission
                                           600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                           Washington, D.C. 20580
                                           www.ftc.gov/idtheft
                                           1-877-438-4338


O4582 v.06 03.01.2016
You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft as well as
information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities
and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to provide copies to creditors to
correct your records.

* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description
herein is a summary, intended for informational purposes only, and does not include all terms, conditions, and
exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of
coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.




O4583 v.06 03.01.2016
