Abbot
t                                 Abbott                         Tel: (877) 228-4707
                                  Dept. D058E, Bldg. AP52
                                  200 Abbott Park Road
                                  Abbott Park, IL 60064




        March 13, 2015


        Dear Active or Inactive Abbott Laboratories Health Care Plan Participant:

        You may have or will soon receive a letter from Blue Cross Blue Shield of
        Illinois (“BCBSIL”). That letter will inform you that, as a result of the recent
        cyber-attack on Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield (“Anthem”), certain personal
        information about you, your spouse and/or other dependents was possibly
        exposed. You will also receive (or may have already received) a similar letter
        from Anthem. It is very important that you review all communications that you
        receive from BCBSIL and/or Anthem, and then carefully follow the instructions
        laid out in them.

        At this point, we have learned the following facts about this incident:

        Anthem discovered on January 29, 2015 that it was the target of a cyber-attack that resulted
        in unauthorized access to its computer systems over the course of several weeks beginning in
        December 2014. The Abbott Laboratories Health Care Plan (the “Abbott Plan”) is
        administered by BCBSIL and not by Anthem. However, Anthem plays a role in processing
        Abbott Plan claims for Abbott Plan participants who receive health care services in states
        where Anthem operates (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky,
        Maine, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Virginia and Wisconsin).
        Consequently, personal information about some Abbott employees and other Abbott Plan
        participants who received care in those Anthem locations was exposed as a result of the
        incident. We are sending this notice to you because we have been advised by BCBSIL that it
        will be contacting you shortly by letter.

                How are Abbott, BCBSIL and Anthem Responding to the Incident?
        Abbott takes the protection of the privacy and security of your personal information very
        seriously. Since learning of the incident, we have been in regular contact with BCBSIL
        seeking to understand the extent to which Abbott Plan participant information may have
        been exposed. Anthem has stated that it immediately began a forensic investigation to
        determine what personal information may have been accessed and to identify affected
        individuals. It is our understanding that BCBSIL has confirmed the exact names of the
        affected individuals, and will be advising those persons via the letter noted above.

                     What Personal Information Was Involved in the Incident?
        Though its investigation is still underway, Anthem states that initial results indicate that
        there was unauthorized access of current and former Abbott Plan participants, including
        names, dates of birth, member ID numbers, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses
        and/or employment information. We have no reason to believe credit/debit card or banking
        information was compromised, nor is there evidence at this time that medical information,
        such as claims, test results, or diagnosis/procedure codes, was obtained.




                                                            1
           How Can I Learn Additional Information about the Incident?
We encourage you to visit Anthem’s website dedicated to the incident –
www.AnthemFacts.com (http://www.AnthemFacts.com) – where you can access Anthem’s
information about this incident. You may also call Anthem’s dedicated toll-free number, 1-
877-263-7995, to ask questions. In addition, Anthem and/or BCBSIL will be contacting you
regarding this incident by mail. You may also contact Abbott Human Resources at
877-228-4707 with any questions you may have.

                        What Steps Can I Take to Protect Myself?
Regardless of whether unauthorized persons accessed your personal information as a result
of this incident, any Abbott Plan participants who used their Blue Cross Blue Shield network
in states where Anthem operates – California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maine, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Virginia, and
Wisconsin -- can enroll in free credit monitoring for a period of 24 months at
http://www.AnthemFacts.com. Please note that the online enrollment process requires that
you confirm you are or were enrolled in an Anthem or other Blue Cross Blue Shield plan at
any point between 2004 to the present and to provide certain personal information.

In addition, provided below is information about additional steps you can take to prevent
misuse of your personal information.

    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT PREVENTION

In addition to enrolling in the free credit monitoring service through the
www.AnthemFacts.com website, we encourage you to consider the following other proactive
steps designed to detect and prevent financial or medical identity theft or other misuse of
your personal information:

Review Your Credit Reports
You should periodically obtain your credit report from one or more of the national credit
reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at
www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual
Credit Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit
Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a
copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit reporting
agencies listed below.

Equifax, P.O. Box105139, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800,
www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully for any sign of fraud such as
accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not initiate or do not recognize, debts that you
cannot explain, medical debt collection notices from health care providers or a home address
or Social Security number that is not accurate. If you see anything you do not understand, call
the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

Review Your Account Statements and EOBs
• We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements, and
promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to Abbott and to the proper
law enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general
and/or the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
• Read the Explanations of Benefits (EOBs) that you receive from BCBSIL and other
insurance companies. Make sure the health care claims to your insurers match the items and
services that you received. Look for the name of the provider, the date of service and the
service provided. If there is a discrepancy, contact BCBSIL or Abbott Human Resources
immediately to report the problem.

Fraud Alerts
You should also consider placing a fraud alert to put your creditors and potential creditors on
notice that you may be a victim of fraud. There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can
place on your credit report to put your creditors on notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an
initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your
credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial
fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert
placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the
appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for seven
years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free fraud number of
any of the three national credit reporting agencies listed below:

Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com

Credit or “Security” Freezes
You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file,
so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued
to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors
from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential
creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you
temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain
credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze
laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit
freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit reporting
company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at
each credit reporting company.

Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact
the three major credit reporting companies as specified above (TransUnion, Experian and
Equifax) to find out more information.

You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or
one of the national credit reporting agencies listed above.

What if You Find Evidence of Identity Theft or Other Suspicious Activity?
We recommend that you promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft
to the Abbott Plan and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law
enforcement, your state’s attorney general and/or the FTC. You may contact the FTC or
your state regulatory authorities to obtain additional information about avoiding identity
theft.
Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW,
Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft.


                        Warnings About Email and Phone Scams
Please be aware that scams have surfaced involving either emails that say they are from
Anthem with attachments or web links (phishing) or fake telephone calls. You should be on
high alert for such communications. Here are some critical scam/hoax email tips to bear in
mind (specifically with respect to Anthem, although many of these may have broader
applicability to email or phone scams generally):

        •    DO NOT click on any links in an email that look like they are coming from
             Anthem.
        •    DO NOT reply to any Anthem email or reach out to the senders in any
             way.
        •    DO NOT supply any information to any website that may open if you have
             clicked on a link in an Anthem-related email.
        •    DO NOT open any attachments that arrive with Anthem email.
        •    DO NOT provide any of your personal information over the phone if you
             receive a call from someone purporting to be from Anthem.
        •    DO check your credit card and bank statements for any suspicious
             charges or entries.
        •    DO check your credit reports periodically.

Again, please ensure you review all communications that you receive from
BCBSIL and/or Anthem, and then follow the instructions laid out in them. As
noted above, please feel free to contact Abbott Human Resources at 877-228-4707 if you
have any questions relating to this letter.

Sincerely,
James L. Sipes
DVP Benefits & Wellness




79035194.4
