Accuform Signs
16228 Flight Path Drive
                                                                     Important Security and Protection
Brooksville, FL 34604                                                Notification from Accuform Signs
                                                                     and [DISTRIBUTOR NAME]. Please
                                                                     read this entire letter.




[CARDHOLDER NAME]
[CARDHOLDER COMPANY]
[STREET ADDRESS]
[CITY], [STATE], [COUNTRY] [ZIP CODE]




Dear [CUSTOMER/CARDHOLDER NAME]:

We are contacting you regarding a data security incident that has occurred at Accuform Signs. Essentially, our
systems have been illegally hacked into by outside intruders. Beginning at least as early as June 30, 2015, we
believe Accuform Signs order information was improperly accessed from our website and/or the website of
[DISTRIBUTOR NAME] (with whom we are working closely in order to provide you this joint notification
with important information to better protect you). This order information may have included your name,
address, email, phone and credit card information. As a result, this information may have been potentially
exposed to others.

Please be assured that we are taking appropriate steps necessary to address the incident, and that we are
committed to protecting the information that you have entrusted to us. We have retained the services of an
experienced cyber security and forensic investigative firm to fully investigate the incident, and we have
reported the matter to federal law enforcement authorities, including the Electronic Crimes Task Force of the
United States Secret Service.

Because the breach occurred very recently, the investigations are still ongoing. However, we do know that one
or more parties operating through foreign countries illegally accessed our computer network and exfiltrated
copies of orders, a portion of which contained purchaser's names, credit card numbers and other related
information. We have no information to indicate that any card has yet incurred any unauthorized charges.

To better protect you and your information, we have taken immediate steps to further secure all data, including
instituting changes in the ways purchase information is processed. Since discovering the breach, Accuform
Signs has taken immediate action to identify and block access points, increase tracking and monitoring of
activity, further restrict and remove sensitive data, increase anti-virus protection of servers, implement an
advanced 2-factor password security system, and require secondary authorization to view credit cards.

For nearly 40 years, all of us at Accuform Signs have been dedicated to manufacturing products that inform,
protect, and motivate. We are committed to addressing this incident with the same dedication. We are
offended by this cyber-attack on your business and our own and regret any inconvenience this incident may
have caused you.
We are committed to working with authorities to do all we can to help protect our businesses from future
cyber-attacks. Should you have questions or concerns regarding this matter or the protections available to you,
please do not hesitate to contact us at 1-800-233-3352 (8am-7pm EST) or review information at
www.safetybreach.info. There you will find a series of FAQ, and their answers. Also attached to this letter is
further information that you may find helpful.

Sincerely,

John Murphy
Director of Customer Care
Accuform Signs
                        ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
           YOU HAVE RECEIVED A DATA BREACH NOTICE - WHAT NOW?

Now that you have been notified that your personal information may have been exposed in a data breach, you
should be aware that there are steps you can take to help protect yourself from identity theft.

   •   First, you should immediately contact your bank or credit card company to cancel the card that you
       provided to us and request a new one. If you are unsure which card you used on our website, please
       contact us at 1-800-233-3352.

   •   You should vigilantly review your account statements and transactions regularly and make sure that no
       one misused your card. If you find fraudulent charges, call the fraud department and get them
       removed.

   •   If you have automatic payments set up, update them with your new card number.

   •   Request and check your credit report at annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. If you have not
       ordered a report in the past year, it is free. If you have already ordered your free annual reports this
       year, you can pay to get your report immediately from one of the credit bureaus listed below, or you
       may be entitled to another free report if you have placed a fraud alert on your credit report recently.
       You may also want to check with your credit card company, as they may provide free services.

   •   Contact one of the three credit bureaus and place a fraud alert. A fraud alert is free. It will make it
       harder for someone to open new accounts in your name. You should get a letter from each credit
       bureau that will confirm that they placed a fraud alert on your file. If you contact one of the companies
       below, they must tell the other two.

          o   Equifax
              www.equifax.com/CreditReportAssistance/
              P.O. Box 740250
              Atlanta, GA 30374
              1-888-766-0008

          o   Experian
              www.experian.com/fraud/center.html
              P.O. Box 1017
              Allen, TX 75013
              1-888-397-3742

          o   Trans Union
              www.transunion.com/fraud
              PO Box 2000
              Chester, PA 19022-2000
              1-800-680-7289
If you suspect that identity theft has already occurred and that your card has been, or is being, used
improperly, you should consider taking the following steps:

   •   Call the companies where you know fraud has occurred and alert the fraud department. Ask them to
       immediately close or freeze the account if you haven't already.

   •   Contact the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), your state's Attorney General or other forms of law
       enforcement. The FTC has an online complaint form located at its website shown below. The FTC also
       provides useful information for filing a police report on its website.

We strongly encourage you to visit the Federal Trade Commission's Identify Theft Information website
located at https://www.identitytheft.gov/, as well as the websites for the reporting agencies listed above, for
further information on topics such as placing fraud alerts and security freezes. You can also contact the FTC at
1-877-ID-Theft (438-4338) or at:

Identity Theft Clearinghouse
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
