                             Advantage Dental
                             442 SW Umatilla Ave, Ste 200
                             Redmond, OR 97756-7039
                                                                                              March 18, 2015



         ##A8920-L01-0123456 0001 00000001 **************3-DIGIT 123
         SAMPLE A SAMPLE
         APT ABC
         123 ANY ST
         ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
         TTFDDATDAADTAAAFAATFFDDTFTAAFTAFAAFFFFDTDADTTTADTATATDADFDFFDFTFD




RE: Unauthorized Access to Advantage Dental Database
Dear Sample A Sample:
I am writing to inform you that your personal information may have been on a database that was accessed by an
unauthorized person between February 23, 2015 and February 26, 2015. We do not have any evidence that
identity theft has occurred. It is possible that someone may have illegally accessed your personal information.
The information may have included your name, address, phone number, date of birth, and social security number.
We are offering you free access to experts who are ready and able to assist you.
We learned of the illegal access on February 26, 2015. A regular security review showed activity that was not
normal. Further investigation showed that an unauthorized person accessed the database that stores your
information. We acted as soon as possible. We have been working with law enforcement to investigate. We will
take the necessary steps to protect your information.
These steps include looking at how we protect our systems. We maintain the necessary safeguards to protect
against improper access. However, criminals actively use illegal programs to get around these safeguards. We
made changes to further defend against these attacks. I can assure you that protecting your information will
continue to be important to our mission to provide excellent patient care services.
What we are doing to protect your information:
Securing your personal information is important to us. To help protect your identity, we have engaged Experian®,
the largest credit bureau in the US, to offer you complimentary Fraud Resolution and identity protection for              0123456

two-years.
While Fraud Resolution assistance is immediately available to you, we also encourage you to activate the fraud
detection tools available through ProtectMyID® Elite. This product provides you with superior identity protection
and resolution of identity theft. To start monitoring your personal information please follow these steps:
                                                               (OVER PLEASE)
                                                                                                                    A8920-L01
Visit www.protectmyid.com/protect
Provide your activation code: ABCDEFGHIJKL
Ensure that you enroll by March 12, 2016 (your code will not work after this date).
If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 866-271-3084 and provide
Engagement #: PC92754.
If you are a victim of fraud, simply call Experian at 866-271-3084 and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent
will help you restore your identity. The call center's hours are 6:00am to 6:00pm (PDT) Monday to Friday, and
8:00am to 5:00pm (PDT) on Saturday and Sunday. Please provide the engagement number in this letter as proof
of eligibility.
Additional details regarding your 24-MONTH ProtectMyID Membership:
A credit card is not required for enrollment.
You can contact Experian immediately regarding any fraud issues, and have access to the following features once
you initiate ProtectMyID:
         ·    Experian credit report: See what information is associated with your credit file.
         ·    Active Surveillance Alerts: Monitors the Experian file for indicators of fraud.
         ·    Internet Scan: Alerts you if your information is found on sites containing compromised data.
         ·    Address Change Alerts: Alerts you of changes to your mailing address.
         ·    Fraud Resolution: Identity Theft Resolution agents are immediately available to help you address
              credit and non-credit related fraud.
         ·    ExtendCARE: You receive the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your
              ProtectMyID membership has expired.
         ·    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Provides coverage for certain costs and unauthorized
              electronic fund transfers.
         ·    Lost Wallet Protection: Get help replacing credit, debit, and medical insurance cards.
Integrate your ProtectMyID membership with the BillGuard app for FREE and receive:
        · Card Fraud Monitoring: Alerts you when your credit/debit cards are used.
        · Card Concierge: Resolve billing inquiries and disputes with merchants.

If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit report or suspect
that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team at
866-271-3084.
We sincerely apologize for this incident, regret any inconvenience it may cause you and encourage you to take
advantage of the product outlined above. Should you have questions or concerns regarding this matter and/or the
protections available to you, please do not hesitate to contact us at 866-271-3084.
Sincerely,


Thomas Tucker, DMD                                                                                                                       A8920-L01

CEO
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary
and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described.
Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
