Processing Center · P.O. Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024




         John Q. Sample                                                       July 7, 2014
         123 Fake St.
         Apt 22
         Austin, TX 78744


Dear John Q. Sample,

We have recently discovered that AECOM has been the victim of a computer security attack that resulted
in the possible exposure of employee records containing employee personal information. As a result,
some of your personal information may have been exposed to unauthorized parties.

Despite having implemented industry-leading cyber defense protections, a cyber attacker was able to
penetrate some of our systems. We discovered the unauthorized intrusion when AECOM’s security
sensors notified us of suspicious behavior on the corporate network last month; and our investigation
further determined last week that the attack impacted servers that contain employee payroll
databases. This intrusion may have resulted in the exposure of personal information for present and past
AECOM employees, including information such as names, addresses, Social Security numbers, and
personal bank account numbers and routing information. The records at issue covered only employees
who are on, or have been on, U.S. payroll.

While we do not know if any of your information was, in fact, exposed or used, we are re-doubling our
efforts to protect our systems and we have taken every step necessary to quickly address this incident,
including reporting the matter to law enforcement.

AECOM is taking this incident seriously and is committed to the security of your personal information. To
that end, we have engaged AllClear ID, a leading identity protection company. The enclosure describes
AllClear ID’s identity protection services, which start on the date of this notice and can be used at any time
during the next 12 months at no cost to you. AllClear ID has established a dedicated call center for AECOM
inquiries and services, which can be reached at 1-877-615-3770. Important additional information on
protecting your personal information is also enclosed.

Please be assured that we have moved rapidly to address the problem. Protecting employee information
is one of our highest priorities, and we manage the security of our systems continuously. We are
confident that we have secured our systems against this intrusion. In addition, we have made a number
of security upgrades and are taking all appropriate additional steps to prevent further such incidents.

We apologize for any inconvenience that this incident may cause.

Sincerely,



Tom Peck
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
                               Overview of AllClear ID Services
AECOM is committed to the security of your personal information. To that end, we have engaged
AllClear ID, a leading identity protection company. Through AllClear ID we are offering several services
to help detect possible misuse of your personal information and to provide you with identity protection
services focused on the detection and resolution of potential identity theft attempts. We have arranged for
you to receive 12 months of identity protection services at no cost to you.

The AllClear ID identity protection services start on the date of this notice and can be used at any time
during the next 12 months.

The AllClear ID call center, which can be reached at 1-877-615-3770, is available to you 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Central Time, Monday through Saturday.


AllClear Secure

You are automatically eligible for AllClear Secure — no action is required on your part to be eligible to
use these services.

If you suspect any unauthorized financial activity or have questions about suspicious activity on your
credit report, simply call 1-877-615-3770 and a dedicated AllClear ID investigator will help you. If a
problem arises, they will work with you to help you recover any financial losses, restore your credit, and
make sure your identity is restored.


AllClear Pro

In addition, if you choose and provide authorization to AllClear ID, you will be provided with credit
monitoring and a $1 million identity theft insurance policy. This additional service is also offered at no
cost to you. To use AllClear Pro, you will need to provide certain information to AllClear ID in order for
them to activate the service.

You may sign up for AllClear Pro online at enroll.allclearid.com, or by phone at 1-877-615-
3770. Additional steps may be required by you to activate your phone alerts and monitoring options.
Please use the following redemption code: 9999999999.
                           Information about Identity Theft Prevention
While we do not know if any of your personal information was, in fact, exposed or used, we recommend you
take certain measures to protect and monitor your information.

We suggest you consider resetting your online account password for any bank accounts associated with
AECOM’s payroll processes. We also recommend that you change your password on any other websites
on which you use a password that is the same or similar to that bank account password.

AllClear ID also provides the following additional recommendations regarding identity theft protection.

We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from
one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at
www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form
(available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA,
30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit
reporting agencies listed below.

    Equifax, P.O. Box105139, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Look for accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not
initiate or do not recognize. Look for information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate.
If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and promptly
report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including
local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the
FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.

    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
    Maryland Office of the Attorney General:
        Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
        200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us
             For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.
        For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft
    from the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:
             North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
             9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on
notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be
placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud
alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you
have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your
credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free fraud number of any
of the three national credit reporting agencies listed below.

     Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
     Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
     TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com

Credit Freezes (for Non-Massachusetts Residents): You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a
security freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number
that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from
accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties

will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze
may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit
freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by
state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a
credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit
freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find out
more information:

     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com

You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national credit
reporting agencies listed above.

Credit Freezes (for Massachusetts Residents): Massachusetts law gives you the right to place a security freeze on
your consumer reports. A security freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your
name without your consent. Using a security freeze, however, may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may request
that a freeze be placed on your credit report by sending a request to a credit reporting agency by certified mail, overnight
mail or regular stamped mail to the address below:

     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com

Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. The
following information should be included when requesting a security freeze (documentation for you and your spouse must
be submitted when freezing a spouse’s credit report): full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; Social Security
number; date of birth (month, day and year); current address and previous addresses for the past five (5) years; and
applicable fee (if any) or incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Department of Motor Vehicles.
The request should also include a copy of a government-issued identification card, such as a driver’s license, state or
military ID card, and a copy of a utility bill, bank or insurance statement. Each copy should be legible, display your name
and current mailing address, and the date of issue (statement dates must be recent). The credit reporting company may
charge a reasonable fee of up to $5 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or
the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft to the credit
reporting company.
