                   6465 National Drive
                   Livermore, CA 94550




October 24, 2012

    [Recipient’s Name]
                                                  Sample
    [Address]
    [City, State, Zip (shows thru outer)]

    Important Security and Protection Notification.
    Please read this entire letter.

Dear [Insert customer name]:

We are writing to inform you of an incident that may have involved your personal
information that occurred on September 23, 2012. A car belonging to an Alere Home
Monitoring employee was burglarized. One of the items stolen from the car was the
employee’s laptop. While the laptop was password protected, it did contain a file with
your personal health information. Some of the information included in this file was your
name, address, date of birth, Social Security number, and diagnosis. A police report
was filed, but so far the laptop has not been recovered.

Please note that we have no evidence that any of your information has been disclosed
or misused as a result of this incident.

To help safeguard you from misuse of your personal information, we have arranged for
you to receive identity protection from Experian Security Assistance at no cost to you.
The Experian Security Assistance service will be valid for one (1) year from the date you
register.

You must register with Experian Security Assistance to receive this complimentary
identity protection service.

                                 Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: [date]
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 1-866-578-5412 to enroll
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50
leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID on any key
changes in your credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical
collections and changes to public records.

We sincerely regret that this occurred and want to assure you that we have
implemented steps to prevent it from happening again. If you have further questions or
concerns about this incident, you can contact us at 1-866-578-5412.

Sincerely,



Sallie Kennedy
HIPAA Privacy Officer, Alere Home Monitoring
ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and resolve potential
identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign a dedicated U.S.-based Identity
Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution from start to finish for
seamless service.

We realize that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer added protection,
you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even
after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.

                         Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

     Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
     Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly
      opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax® and
      TransUnion® credit reports.
     Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a dedicated,
      U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the fraud resolution
      process, from start to finish.
     ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud Resolution
      Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
     $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered by a $1
      Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages, private investigator
      fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.


                     Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                      or call 1-866-578-5412 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate
or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your
credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer
care team at 866-578-5412.


* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description herein is a
  summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
  described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all
  jurisdictions.
