Processing Center · P.O. Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024




          [First_Name] [Last_Name]                                                        September 2, 2014
          [Address_Line_1]
          [Address_Line_2]
          [City], [State] [Zip]


Dear [First_Name] [Last_Name],

The purpose of this letter is to inform you of a recent incident that may affect the security of your personal and
protected health information. We are providing this notice to ensure that you are aware of the incident, so that you
may take steps to protect your information should you feel it is appropriate to do so.

On June 30, 2014, the Arcadia Police Department informed us that it was investigating a former AltaMed employee
on suspicion of identity theft. During their investigation, law enforcement stated it had recovered a hard drive and
other evidence containing the personal information of individuals. They believed the information recovered had
been used by individual(s) to commit or attempt to commit identity theft or fraud. However, citing its ongoing
investigation, law enforcement would not disclose whether those records were AltaMed records, the identities of the
individuals to whom the information related, or the reason for its belief that the information had been misused.

Upon learning of this, AltaMed launched an internal investigation into the matter to determine what records this
individual may have accessed during her employment. Our investigation is ongoing; however, we’ve determined
that during her employment this individual accessed certain information on AltaMed patients and individuals
seeking insurance coverage information at AltaMed locations in Orange and Los Angeles Counties, among those
records was a record containing your name, {Client_Def1} and your address.

We take the security of your personal information very seriously. At this time, we cannot confirm whether the
information recovered from this former employee included information relating to you; however, out of an
abundance of caution we are providing notice of this incident to you and information on how to protect yourself
against identity theft and fraud. In addition to providing written notice of this incident to you, we are providing
written notice of this incident to the California Department of Public Health, to the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, and to the California Attorney General’s office.

In order to help further safeguard against any potential misuse of your personal information, we have arranged to
have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you. The following identity protection services
start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any time during the next 12 months.

AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your identity.
This protection is automatically available to you with no enrollment required. If a problem arises, simply call (877)
579-2263 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure
your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring. To use the PRO
service, you will need to provide your personal information to AllClear ID. You may sign up online at
enroll.allclearid.com or by phone by calling (877) 579-2263 using the following redemption code:
{Redemption_Code}.

Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your phone alerts.
In addition to enrolling and receiving the monitoring services described above, we encourage you to remain
vigilant, to review your account statements, and to monitor your credit reports and explanation of benefits forms for
suspicious activity. Under U.S. law you are entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the three major
credit reporting bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free, 1-877
-322-8228. You may also contact the three major credit bureaus directly to request a free copy of your credit report.

At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your file that alerts creditors to take
additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name. Note, however, that because it tells
creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay your ability to obtain credit while the agency
verifies your identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud
alerts on your file. Should you wish to place a fraud alert, or should you have any questions regarding your credit
report, please contact any one of the agencies listed below.

Equifax                                   Experian                                 TransUnion
P.O. Box 105069                           P.O. Box 2002                            P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                         Allen, TX 75013                          Chester, PA 19022-2000
800-525-6285                              888-397-3742                             800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                           www.experian.com                         www.transunion.com

You can also further educate yourself regarding identity theft, and the steps you can take to protect yourself, by
contacting your state Attorney General or the Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission also
encourages those who discover that their information has been misused to file a complaint with them. The Federal
Trade Commission can be reached at: 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/bcp/
edu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-4261. Instances of known or
suspected identity theft should be reported to law enforcement, your Attorney General, and the FTC. You can also
further educate yourself about placing a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit file by contacting the FTC or
your state’s Attorney General.

The safety and privacy or protected health information is our utmost priority and we deeply regret this has
happened. We’ve established a confidential inquiry line, staffed with professionals trained in identity and credit
protection and restoration, and familiar with this incident and the contents of this letter. This confidential inquiry
line is available Monday through Saturday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. P.S.T. at (877) 579-2263.

Sincerely,



Shauntara Jones RHIA, CHDA, CHPS, Privacy Officer
