       



           May 24, 2012




           FATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATDFATD
           *** AUTO 5-DIGIT ** 00000
           John Doe Sample
           J.D. Inc.
           1234 Main Street                                                   T1 P1
           Suite 101
                                                                               001
           Your Town, USA 00000-0000



           Dear John Doe:

                    On May 7, 2012, Altrec, Inc. (“Altrec”) discovered a potential information security incident
           involving personal information related to the American Express credit card you used while shopping at
           altrec.com (“Website”). We deeply value our relationship with you and the trust you place in us, and we
           have promptly addressed certain information vulnerabilities in our system. We sincerely apologize for
           any inconvenience or concern this may cause you. As a precaution we are writing to notify you and call
           your attention to some steps you may take to help protect yourself.
                    Altrec was initially contacted by American Express concerning the fraudulent use of a small
           number of American Express cards that had been previously used at our Website. In collaboration with
           American Express we engaged a leading forensic security firm to identify whether our systems had been
           compromised and to remediate any possible concerns. After a detailed investigation the forensic
           investigators could not locate any forensic evidence of a security breach. However, we discovered that
           your American Express card account number, expiration date and four digit security code, and associated
           information (including your name and address) were being stored in our database. If our systems were
           illegally accessed or used in an unauthorized manner, your personal information could have been
           compromised sometime between June 2010 and March 2012. It is important to note that we do not
           collect Social Security numbers, so your Social Security number could not have been compromised as
           part of this event.
                    We do not take matters of this nature lightly. We’ve addressed the vulnerability identified
           internally and by the forensic investigators, deleted all card information, and will continue to explore
           further security enhancing measures as new technologies become available. We have also reported this
           incident to the U.S. Secret Service and are fully cooperating with their investigation.
                   We recommend that you review your American Express account statements as soon as possible in
           order to determine if there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. If you see charges you did not
           make contact the issuer of your card at the number listed on the back of the card. In addition, we
           understand that American Express has placed heightened fraud checks on the involved accounts to help
           prevent and/or detect fraud.
                   We also recommend you carefully check your credit reports for accounts you did not open or for
           inquiries from creditors you did not initiate. Please review the enclosed “Fraud and Identity Theft
           Protection Reference Guide” that describes additional steps you may take to help protect yourself, and

                                                                                     
       
CINO
       includes recommendations on how to place a fraud alert or a security freeze on your credit file as well as
       guidance from the Federal Trade Commission regarding identity theft protection.
                In addition, Altrec has arranged for you to be eligible to receive a complimentary one-year
       membership of Experian’s ProtectMyIDTM Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your
       personal information and provides you with identity protection services focused on identification and
       resolution of identity theft. If you choose to enroll, the ProtectMyID membership includes the following
       services:
            x    Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
            x    Daily Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly
                 opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian credit report.
            x    Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
                 dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the
                 fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
            x    ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud
                 Resolution Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
            x    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered
                 by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages,
                 private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
              You can enroll for the services anytime between now and August 31, 2012 by visiting
       www.protectmyid.com/alert or calling 866-584-9479, and providing the following activation code:
       XXXXXXXX. Please be aware that you will not receive these services unless you complete the
       enrollment.
                For additional questions or concerns and/or to enroll in the services mentioned above, you can
       call 866-584-9479 between 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. (Eastern Time), Monday through Friday, and 11:00
       a.m. to 8:00 p.m., Saturday and Sunday, excluding holidays.
                We strive to operate our business based on strong principles of integrity and service. Our
       relationship with you and the trust you place in us is the most important part of our business, and we
       sincerely apologize for any inconvenience or concern this event may cause you.


       Sincerely,




       Mike Morford
       President & Founder
       Altrec, Inc.




       * Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description herein is
       a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
       described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in
       all jurisdictions.
CINO
       


                                Fraud and Identity Theft Protection Reference Guide

       We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your
       credit report from one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of
       your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by
       mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual
       Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a
       copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit reporting agencies listed
       below.

       Equifax                             Experian                            TransUnion
       P.O. Box 740241                     P.O. Box 9532                       P.O. Box 6790
       Atlanta, GA 30374-0241              Allen, TX 75013                     Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
       800-685-1111                        888-397-3742                        800-916-8800
       www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                    www.transunion.com

       When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you did not open.
       Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal information, such as
       home address, that is not accurate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency at
       the telephone number on the report. If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your
       local police or sheriff’s office and file a police report of identity theft. Get a copy of the police report.
       You may need to give copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records.

       Over the next 12-24 months, you should remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account
       statements and credit reports, and you should promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity
       theft to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney
       general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC or your state’s
       regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding and protection against identity theft.

                 Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
                 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338),
                 www.ftc.gov/idtheft

       Fraud Alerts: There are two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your
       creditors on notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask
       that an initial fraud alert be placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a
       victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may
       have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of identity theft and
       can provide the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for
       seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report at all three of the national credit agencies
       by contacting any one of them at the addresses or toll-free numbers listed below:

       Equifax                              Experian                              TransUnion
       P.O. Box 740241                      P.O. Box 9532                         Fraud Victim Assistance Division
       Atlanta, GA 30374-0241               Allen, TX 75013                       P.O. Box 6790
       877-478-7625                         888-397-3742                          Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
       www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                      800-680-7289
                                                                                  www.transunion.com



                                                             
       
CINO
       Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your
       credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is
       issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from
       accessing your credit report without your consent. If you initiate a credit freeze, potential creditors and
       other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze.
       Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to
       place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing,
       temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, but generally ranges from $5 to $20
       per action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you will need to separately place a
       credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to
       establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting
       companies as specified below to find out more Information.

       Equifax                               Experian                              TransUnion
       P.O. Box 105788                       P.O. Box 9554                         Fraud Victim Assistance Division
       Atlanta, GA 30348                     Allen, TX 75013                       P.O. Box 6790
       www.equifax.com                       www.experian.com                      Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                                   www.transunion.com

       You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the
       national credit reporting agencies listed above.




CINO
