April 15, 2015
Dear Patient:
American Sleep Medicine is committed to protecting the security and confidentiality of our patients’ information.
Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving some of that information.
On March 3, 2015, we discovered an external hard drive had been stolen from a locked server room. After extensively
searching the premises, the incident was reported to the San Diego Police Department (Case number #15-012876).
We are informing you because the hard drive contained your patient information from sleep studies conducted in 2012.
The hard drive contained your name, date of birth, referring doctor, interpreting doctor, medical history and sleep study
results. The breach does not include Social Security numbers, Driver’s License/California Identification Card numbers or
any financial account information. There has been no indication that information has been used for any unlawful purpose.
Please know that we are taking all necessary steps to prevent a similar incident from occurring again. This includes
removing and destroying all remaining external hard drives moving forward.
We recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from your health
insurance carrier if applicable. If you see any service that you believe you did not receive, please contact your insurance
carrier at the number on the statement. If you do not receive regular explanation of benefits statements, contact your
provider or plan and request them to send such statements following the provision of services in your name or number.
You may want to order copies of your credit reports and check for any medical bills that you do not recognize. If you
find anything suspicious, call the credit reporting agency at the phone number on the report. Experian offers a free
credit monitoring service for up to 90 days, and it will report any suspicious activity to Equifax and Transunion during
the course of monitoring. You can order your report for free each year by calling 1-877-322-8228 or going to www.
annualcreditreport.com or you can order them individually from the three credit reporting agencies listed below:
Experian 	          1-888-397-3742 www.experian.com
Equifax 	           1-800-525-6285 www.equifax.com
TransUnion 	        1-800-680-7289 www.transunion.com
Keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical records. For information on
your medical privacy rights, we suggest that you visit the web site of the California Office of Privacy Protection at
www.privacy.ca.gov.
We apologize for any inconvenience this incident may have caused. If you have questions or need further information,
please contact American Sleep Medicine, 5050 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite 100, San Diego, CA, via phone
858.277.7353 or toll free at 844-238-9431, via email: patientinfo@americansleepmedicine.com.
Sincerely,




                	
Jim Evanger	                              Tina Kassis
President	                                Chief Compliance Officer
