                                                                    Template No.: 2008164.3

                                     [APhA Letterhead]

                                            [Date]

[Resident Name]
[Address]
[City, State, Zip Code]

Dear [Resident Name]:

        We are writing to notify you of recent unauthorized access to computer systems that
contained certain of your personal information, and to inform you of actions you may take to
protect yourself against any risks of fraud or other misuse of your personal information. We
sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this incident may cause, and thank you for your
understanding and cooperation as we continue our investigation.

        On Monday, May 28, 2012, the APhA website was defaced by an unknown
individual or group. Within minutes of learning of the incident, we shut down our web site
and related computer servers. APhA then reported the incident to law enforcement, engaged
an experienced forensic cybersecurity team to conduct an aggressive investigation, and
implemented a plan to prevent further data access. APhA continues to work with law
enforcement in connection with the incident.

         The forensic investigation has determined that unauthorized individuals had access to
certain of our computer servers between April 23, 2012 and May 28, 2012, and copied a file
containing credit cards used in transactions which occurred on or before February 2008.
Regrettably, your name and address, along with the number and expiration date of a credit
card you provided to APhA in a pre-February 2008 transaction, was among the information
that the unauthorized parties copied.

         Although APhA does not keep records of credit card security codes, and the card in
question had expired before the date of the incident, we are notifying you to ensure you have
the opportunity to take appropriate steps to protect your credit card account from
unauthorized use or other mischief involving your personal information. Attached to this
letter is information that is intended to help you, including information about how to contact
APhA if you have additional questions about this incident. The attachments also include
additional information for residents of certain states. Please carefully review the attachments
to see if additional information may apply to you.

        APhA regrets that this incident occurred and is taking swift action to avoid a
recurrence. Again, on behalf of the entire management team, I sincerely apologize for any
inconvenience this incident may cause you.

                                       Sincerely,




                                              1
                                   Thomas E. Menighan, BSPharm, MBA, ScD (Hon), FAPhA
                                   Executive Vice President & CEO
                               HOW TO REACH APHA
                  FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT THIS INCIDENT

       To answer any questions or address any concerns you may have, we have set up a
telephone number for you to call during regular business hours: 1-202-558-2714.

       You may also contact us by email at: pharmacist.com@aphanet.org.


                        CREDIT CARD NUMBER RECOMMENDATION

        To protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft or misuse of the credit card
number used in the pre-February 2008 transaction with APhA, we recommend that you
immediately contact the bank which issued the credit card and request a new account number.
Tell them that your account number may have been compromised and that you would like to
prevent any possible misuse of the credit card.


          COMPLEMENTARY IDENTITY THEFT PROTECTION ARRANGED BY APHA

        To help protect your identity, we are offering you a complimentary one-year
membership in Experian’s ProtectMyIDTM Alert service. This service helps detect possible
misuse of your personal information and focuses on immediate identification and resolution
of identity theft. In order to activate ProtectMyID, follow these three steps:

       1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: [date]
       2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site www.protectmyid.com/redeem to enroll
                (or enroll by phone by calling 877-371-7902)
       3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]


             ADDITIONAL STEPS TO HELP PROTECT AGAINST IDENTITY THEFT

        We also recommend that you protect yourself from the possibility of fraud and
identity theft and remain vigilant by monitoring your account statements and free credit
reports for unexplained, suspicious or unauthorized activity. You may obtain a copy of your
credit report once per year, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any unauthorized
activity on your account, by contacting each of the nationwide consumer credit reporting
agencies identified below, or by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com. You may obtain
information about additional protections, such as fraud alerts and security freezes, from each
of the three credit reporting agencies shown below. For your convenience, general
information about requesting a security freeze is enclosed with this letter.

       Equifax                         Experian                       TransUnion
       (888) 766-0008                  (888) 397-3742                 (800) 680-7289
       P.O. Box 740256                 P.O. Box 2104                  P.O. Box 6790
       Atlanta, GA 30374               Allen, TX 75013                Fullerton, CA 92834
                                              2
       www.equifax.com                 www.experian.com               www.transunion.com

        The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recommends that you check your credit
reports periodically to help you spot problems and address them quickly. If a report shows
accounts you did not open, inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate, personal
information, such as a home address, that is inaccurate, or other information you do not
understand, contact one of the credit reporting agencies immediately. In addition, if you find
suspicious activity on your credit reports or have reason to believe your personal information
is being misused, authorities generally recommend that you take two additional steps: First,
call your local law enforcement agency and file a police report. Get a copy of the report as
many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of any fraudulent charges.
Second, file a complaint with the FTC, which will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data
Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible to law enforcement agencies for their
investigations.

         You can file a complaint or obtain additional information about preventing identity
theft from the Federal Trade Commission:

               Federal Trade Commission
               600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
               Washington, DC 20580
               www.ftc.gov/idtheft
               (877) 438-4338


                       SPECIAL NOTICE FOR MARYLAND RESIDENTS:

The Maryland Office of the Attorney General and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) can
provide you with additional information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft and
may be contacted at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General               Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Protection Division                          Consumer Response Center
200 Saint Paul Place                                  600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Baltimore, Maryland 21202                             Washington, DC 20580
Toll free: (888) 743-0023                             Toll free: (877) 438-4338
www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft/                          www.ftc.gov/idtheft



                   SPECIAL NOTICE FOR NORTH CAROLINA RESIDENTS:

The North Carolina Attorney General’s Office and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) can
provide you with additional information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft and
may be contacted at:

North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper            Federal Trade Commission
9001 Mail Service Center                              600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001                                Washington, DC 20580
                                              3
(919) 716-6400                                    Toll free: (877) 438-4338
www.ncdoj.com                                     www.ftc.gov/idtheft
                            HOW TO REQUEST A SECURITY FREEZE

Following is general information about how to request a security freeze from the three credit
reporting agencies. While we believe this information is accurate, you should contact each
agency for the most accurate and up-to-date information.

A security freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from a
consumer’s credit report without written authorization. However, please be aware that
placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely
approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or
other services. In some states, if you have been a victim of identity theft, and you provide the
credit reporting agency with a valid police report, the agency cannot charge you to place, lift
or remove a security freeze. In all other cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up
to $5.00 each to place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written request to each of
the three major consumer reporting agencies: Equifax (www.equifax.com); Experian
(www.experian.com); and TransUnion (www.transunion.com) by regular, certified or
overnight mail at the addresses below:

 Equifax Security Freeze                        Trans Union
 P.O. Box 105788                                Security Freeze
 Atlanta, GA 30348                              Fraud Victim Assistance Department
 https://www.freeze.equifax.com                 P.O. Box 6790
                                                Fullerton, CA 92834
 Experian Security Freeze                       https://freeze.transunion.com
                                                888-909-8872
 P.O. Box 9554
 Allen, TX 75013
 www.experian.com/freeze

In order to request a security freeze, you will need to provide the following information:

    1. Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
    2. Social Security Number;
    3. Date of birth;
    4. If you have moved in the past five (5) years, provide the addresses where you have
       lived over the prior five years;
    5. Proof of current address such as a current utility bill or telephone bill;
    6. A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s license
       or ID card, military identification, etc.);
    7. If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of either the police report,
       investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity
       theft;


                                                 4
    8. If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or
       credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash
       through the mail.

The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to
place a security freeze on your credit report. The credit agencies must also send written
confirmation to you within five (5) business days and provide you with a unique personal
identification number (PIN) or password, or both, that can be used by you to authorize the
removal or lifting of the security freeze.

To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access to your credit
report, you must call or send a written request to the credit reporting agencies by mail and
include proper identification (name, address, and social security number) and the PIN
number or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze as well as the
identities of those entities or individuals you would like to receive your credit report or the
specific period of time you want the credit report available. The credit reporting agencies
have three (3) business days after receiving your request to lift the security freeze for those
identified entities or for the specified period of time.

To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit
bureaus by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and social security
number) and the PIN number or password provided to you when you placed the security
freeze. The credit bureaus have three (3) business days after receiving your request to
remove the security freeze.




                                                5
