[VERSION A – All States Except Massachusetts]

                                                                                        Your identity is protected.
                                                                                        If you suspect identity theft, simply call
                                                                                        <<Opportunity_Customer_Service_Number>>
                                                                                        and AllClear ID will work to recover financial
                                                                                        losses and restore your credit.
                                                                                        No sign-up required. This letter is your proof of
                                                                                        identity protection coverage for 1 year.


 [Customer Name]
 [Address]                                                                           June ___, 2013
 [Address]
 [Address]
 Dear [Customer Name],

 This letter is being sent to you because our records indicate that you were a guest at Anasazi Hotel LLC (“Anasazi”) sometime
 between June 18, 2012 and March 21, 2013, and one or more credit cards was used as payment at our facility in connection with your
 stay with us. As described in more detail below, we have discovered that cards processed at Anasazi during that time period may
 have been accessed by an unauthorized person. We wanted to inform you of our investigation of this incident, let you know of the
 steps we suggest you take to protect yourself against any potential identity theft, and offer you an identity theft protection service at no
 charge to you, as described in greater detail below and in the enclosed materials.

 Around March 21, 2013 we were notified by the credit card processing vendor that Anasazi was identified as the “common point of
 purchase” for a number of credit cards involved in fraudulent transactions with other merchants. The notice of common point of
 purchase was simply to alert Anasazi that it, perhaps with other merchants, was a merchant common to subsequent suspected
 fraudulent uses of payment cards used at our facility. In response to the notice, we quickly locked down our computer network and all
 computer systems and engaged forensic investigators, who analyzed all aspects of our data systems to determine whether credit card
 information was in fact accessed without authorization. The forensic experts uncovered evidence that Anasazi was the target of cyber-
 attackers seeking to access parts of our internal network and data systems. The forensic experts found evidence that as early as June
 18, 2012 the cyber-attackers installed malware apparently designed to perform certain functions, including eventually transmitting
 credit card data outside the secure network. While the forensic experts found no actual evidence that credit card information was in
 fact transmitted to the attackers, the forensic experts have concluded that the malware discovered on the Anasazi systems is
 consistent with that typically used to gather and transmit sensitive credit card data. Out of an abundance of caution, we are providing
 this notice to you even in the absence of hard evidence that your credit card data was in fact taken by the attackers.

 The portion of our computer system where the malware appears to have been installed contained names and credit card information of
 certain patrons of Anasazi. We believe information about the cardholder whose card was used as payment for your room at Anasazi,
 including the name and credit card information, could have been viewed without authorization. We do not collect Social Security
 Numbers or dates of birth of our hotel patrons; thus, no Social Security Numbers or dates of birth were compromised. As of the date of
 this letter, our systems have been restored and are fully functional and operating with heightened system security, including
 restructured password protections, enhanced security software, and advanced firewall safeguards. Our efforts to enhance our security
 are ongoing and countermeasures will soon include real-time monitoring by a leading worldwide security services provider. We have
 reported these cyber-attacks to the U.S. Secret Service and will work with law enforcement authorities to identify and pursue the
 perpetrators involved for any and all laws that may have been broken. The law enforcement authorities did not advise us to delay any
 notifications in connection with this incident.

 To protect yourself from any possible identity theft as a result of this incident, you should monitor your account activity from June,
 2012, and report suspected fraud or suspected incidents of identity theft to your credit card company/bank, your local law enforcement,
 your state’s Attorney General, and/or the Federal Trade Commission. As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID
 protect your identity for one year at no cost to you. The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can
 use them at any time during the next year.

 AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your identity. You are automatically
 eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call
 <<Opportunity_Customer_Service_Number>> and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your
 credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear ID has a 100% success rate in resolving financial
 identity theft issues and maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

 AllClear PLUS: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million identity theft insurance
 policy. To use the PLUS service, you will need to provide your personal information to AllClear ID and use the following redemption
 code {RedemptionCode}. You may sign-up online at enroll.allclearid.com, by mail using the enclosed mail-in registration form, or by
 phone at <<Opportunity_Customer_Service_Number>>. Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your
 phone alerts. Mailed registrations may take up to ten (10) business days before the registration is received and you are able to log-in
 to your account.

 We take the protection of your personal information seriously and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience or concern this may have
 caused. If we can be of further assistance, if you would like additional information, including information on what types of information,
 if any, Anasazi maintained about your or others in general, or if you have questions or concerns that have not been adequately
 addressed by AllClear ID at the toll free number <<Opportunity_Customer_Service_Number>>, please contact us directly at the toll-
 free number listed below.
                                                                          Sincerely,


                                                                           Kenneth Carone, Controller
                                                                           Anasazi Hotel LLC, [TOLL FREE NUMBER]
ATL 414441v.7
                                           Information About Identity Theft Prevention

We recommend that you regularly review statements from your credit card accounts and other accounts and periodically obtain
your credit reports from the national consumer credit reporting agencies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online
at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form
(available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-
5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national consumer credit
reporting agencies listed below:

    Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 9532, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports from the above consumer credit reporting agencies, review them carefully. Look for
accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not initiate or do not recognize. Look for information such as a home address or
Social Security Number that is not accurate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the consumer credit reporting
agency at the telephone number on the report.

We recommend you remain vigilant in reviewing your account statements and monitoring your free credit reports and promptly
report any fraud, suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to your credit card company/bank, the proper law enforcement
authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s Attorney General and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You
may contact the FTC and your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid
identity theft. To contact the FTC, write to the Federal Trade Commission Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, call 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), or visit their website, www.ftc.gov/idtheft.

For Maryland residents: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the Maryland Office
of the Attorney General: Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore,
MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us.

For Massachusetts residents: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation, Ten Park Plaza, Suite 5170, Boston, MA 02116, Phone:
(617) 973-8700, Fax: (617) 973-8799, Consumer Hotline: (617) 973-8787 or 888-283-3757 toll free (MA only),
mass.gov/consumer.

For North Carolina residents: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the North
Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-
NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov.

Fraud Alerts: There are two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on notice that you
may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your credit
report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report
for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report with the appropriate documentary proof if you
have previously been a victim of identity theft. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for 7 years. You can place a
fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free fraud number of any of the three national consumer credit reporting
agencies listed above. You can obtain additional information about fraud alerts from the consumer credit reporting agencies
and the FTC at the contact information listed above.

Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file by registering
with each of the three consumer credit reporting agencies listed above, so that no new credit can be opened in your name
without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate a credit freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent
potential creditors and other third parties from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze on
your credit file, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you
temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur
fees to place, temporarily lift and/or remove a credit freeze. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze
also varies by state, but is generally $5 to $20 per action at each consumer credit reporting agency. The cost of credit freezes is
not included in the services the company has arranged through AllClear ID. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a
credit freeze on your credit file at each consumer credit reporting agency. You can obtain additional information about credit
freezes from the consumer credit reporting agencies and the FTC at the contact information listed above. For Massachusetts
residents: The consumer credit reporting agency is not allowed to charge a fee to identity theft victims or their spouses for
placing, removing for a specific period or party, or removing a security freeze on a credit report for Massachusetts residents. To
prove you are a victim of identity theft, you must send to the consumer reporting agency a valid copy of a police report. All other
consumers who are Massachusetts residents must pay a $5 fee for each placing, temporary lifting or removing of a security
freeze. In order to request a security freeze, you will need to provide the following information (note, some requirements differ
for each of the three credit bureaus): 1. Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.); 2. Your Social
Security Number; 3. Your date of birth; 4. If you have moved in the past five years, the address where you have lived over the
prior five years; 5. Proof of your current address (e.g., your current utility bill or telephone bill); 6. A legible photocopy of your
government issued identification card (e.g., state driver’s license or ID card, military identification); 7. If you are a victim of
identity theft, a copy of either the police report, investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning
identity theft; and 8. If you are not a victim of identity theft, payment by check, money order, or credit card (VISA, MasterCard,
American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.

ATL 414441v.7
