                 <<Member First Name>> <<Member Last Name>>                                  <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
                 <<Address1>>
                 <<Address2>>
                 <<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




                 Subject: Security Incident
                 Quote No.: <<ClientDef1(QuoteNumber)>>
                 Dear <<Member First Name>> <<Member Last Name>>,
                 As you may know, Anderson & Murison is a wholesale insurance broker who assisted your retail insurance
                 agent in applying for a personal umbrella insurance policy for you. We are writing to tell you about a data
                 security incident that may have exposed some of your personal information. We take the protection and
                 proper use of your information very seriously. That is why we are contacting you directly to let you know
                 what happened and how we are protecting you personally.

                 What Happened?
                 Your agent used our personal umbrella rating system to obtain a quote through Anderson & Murison’s
                 web-based online personal umbrella rating system. To request a premium estimate, your agent provided
                 us with information relating to you. On July 18, 2014, we discovered that some of the umbrella applications
                 completed on our website were accessible for viewing on the internet. This inadvertent disclosure was not
                 the result of an action or inaction by your retail insurance agent.
                 When we discovered the disclosure, we investigated further and learned that some of the umbrella applications
                 completed on our web-based program were accessible for viewing on the internet at some point between
                 June 2014 and July 18, 2014. As of July 18, 2014, those applications are no longer available for viewing.
                 We have attached a copy of a sample application to give you an idea of the information that may have
                 been available. Information that may have been disclosed includes your name, address, date of birth and
                 driver’s license.
                 Because some of the applications may have included information about others in your household, Anderson
                 & Murison is taking the additional precaution of sending separate notification letters to every individual whose
                 personal information was inadvertently disclosed. For example, if the application submitted for you listed two
                 other members of your household who operated vehicles belonging to you, if that information included that
                 other person’s name, and date of birth or driver’s license, those other persons will get letters just like this one.
                 In that example, your household would get three total letters saying essentially the same thing.
                 At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that there has been, or will be, any attempt to misuse any of the
                 information and we are unaware of any actual identity theft resulting from these disclosures. We believe
                 that limited unauthorized access occurred, but we cannot track exactly who accessed, or if any applications
                 were downloaded or saved. We are continuing to investigate and monitor the situation.
                 After learning of the inadvertent disclosure on July 18, 2014, we immediately took action to end the possibility
                 of unauthorized access by changing the involved server’s authentication passwords and credentials for the
                 affected accounts.
                 Given the potentially serious nature of any data breach, we have reported the breach to law enforcement,
                 and the California Attorney General’s Office. The notification has not been delayed as a result of a law
                 enforcement investigation.




xxxxxx-xxxx CA
         What Are We Doing To Protect You?
         It is always a good practice to monitor all of your financial accounts for any signs of suspicious activity.
         Also, if you determine that an account has been fraudulently established using your identity, you should
         immediately contact a credit reporting agency.
         While we have no evidence that any of your personal information was targeted or used, as a precaution
         and to help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, Anderson & Murison secured
         the services of Kroll to provide identity theft protection at no cost to you for 1 year. Kroll is a global
         leader in risk mitigation and response, and their team has extensive experience helping people who have
         sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential data.
         Your identity theft protection services include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher, Public Persona, Quick Cash
         Scan, $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance and Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Please note
         that in order to activate your services you will need to follow the instructions in the section titled “How to
         Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services” below. Additional information describing your
         services is included with this letter.
         To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a
         Social Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.

         What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
         Call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s licensed investigators are
         standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership
         number ready.
         Again, please know that this is a precautionary advisory, but given the seriousness of this issue, we want to
         assist you in taking every safeguard necessary to ensure your privacy. We are committed to fully protecting
         the information entrusted to us by our retail producers and policyholders. We regret that this has happened
         and any inconvenience that this situation may cause you. We trust that the quality and reliability of the services
         we are offering to you demonstrate our continued commitment to your security and satisfaction.


         Sincerely,




         James McCarthy
         President
         Anderson & Murison, Inc.



         P.S.	 Remember, safeguards for your personal data security are available at no cost to you.
               To enroll:
         	      1.	Visit ???.??????.com and follow the online instructions to take advantage
                	 of your identity theft protection services.
         	      To receive your credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-???-???-????.
                (if Kroll In House use 1-844-263-8605)
         	2.	
            Call 1-???-???-???? if you have an identity theft issue or if you have any questions.
          	 Kroll’s licensed investigators are ready to help you.


                                  How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services

Visit ???.??????.com and follow the online instructions to take advan-        Membership Number: <<Member ID>>
tage of your identity theft protection services.                                                 Help is only a phone call away.
You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s identity       If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a victim
protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide your              of identity theft, Call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time),
membership number.                                                            Monday through Friday, and ask to speak with an investigator.
???.??????.com is compatible with the current version or one version          Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.                      Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.
             To receive your credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-???-???-????. (if Kroll In House use 1-844-263-8605)
