February 13, 2015

To Members:

On January 29, 2015, Anthem, Inc. (Anthem) discovered that cyber attackers executed a sophisticated
attack to gain unauthorized access to Anthem’s IT system and obtained personal information relating to
consumers who were or are currently covered by Anthem or other independent Blue Cross and Blue
Shield plans that work with Anthem. Anthem believes that this suspicious activity may have occurred
over the course of several weeks beginning in early December, 2014.

As soon as we discovered the attack, we immediately began working to close the security vulnerability
and contacted the FBI. We have been fully cooperating with the FBI’s investigation. Anthem has also
retained Mandiant, one of the world’s leading cybersecurity firms, to assist us in our investigation and to
strengthen the security of our systems.

Consumers Impacted
Current or former members of one of Anthem’s affiliated health plans may be impacted. In addition,
some members of other independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans who received healthcare services
in any of the areas that Anthem serves over the last 10 years may be impacted. Anthem is providing
identity protection services to all individuals that are impacted. For a listing of potentially impacted
Anthem affiliated health plans and other Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies for which Anthem is
providing this service, visit AnthemFacts.com to view a list. Anthem is a service provider to other group
health plans and Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans across the country.

Information Accessed
The information accessed may have included names, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, health care
ID numbers, home addresses, email addresses, employment information, including income data. We
have no reason to believe credit card or banking information was compromised, nor is there evidence at
this time that medical information such as claims, test results, or diagnostic codes, was targeted or
obtained.

Identity Protection Services
Anthem has arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for two (2) years at no cost to you. The
following identity protection services start on the date of this notice, or the date you previously enrolled in
services based on information posted on AnthemFacts.com. You can use them at any time during the next
two (2) years after your service begins.

       AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need identity repair
        assistance. This service is automatically available to you with no enrollment required. If a problem
        arises, simply call 1-877-263-7995 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover
        financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition.
        AllClear ID maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.
       AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1
        million identity theft insurance policy. For a child under 18 years old, AllClear ID ChildScan
        identifies acts of fraud against children by searching thousands of databases for use of your child’s
        information. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your personal information to AllClear
        ID. To learn more about these services, or to enroll, visit our source of truth

                                                      1
        http://www.AnthemFacts.com and click on the AllClear ID link from there.            Please note:
        Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your phone alerts.

Mailed Notification
Anthem will also individually notify potentially impacted current and former members by U.S. Postal
mail with this same specific information on how to enroll in free credit monitoring and identity
protection services. These services will be provided to potentially impacted current and former
members free of charge. Anthem has also established a dedicated website (AnthemFacts.com) where
members can access additional information, including frequently asked questions and answers.

Toll-Free Hotline
Anthem has established a dedicated toll-free number that you can call if they have questions related to
this incident. That number is 877-263-7995. We have included contact information for the three
nationwide credit bureaus below.

Fraud Prevention Tips
We want to make you aware of steps you may take to guard against identity theft or fraud.

We recommend that potentially impacted members remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity
theft, including by reviewing account statements and monitoring free credit reports. In addition, you
can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, Federal Trade Commission, or
your state attorney general. To learn more, you can go to the FTC’s Web site, at
www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or call the FTC, at (877) IDTHEFT (438-4338) or write to Federal Trade
Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.

You should be aware of scam email campaigns targeting current and former Anthem members. These
scams, designed to capture personal information (known as “phishing”), are designed to appear as if
they are from Anthem and the emails include a “click here” link for credit monitoring. These emails are
NOT from Anthem.

       DO NOT reply to the email or reach out to the senders in any way.
       DO NOT supply any information on the website that may open, if you have clicked on a link in
        email.
       DO NOT open any attachments that arrive with email.

Anthem is not calling members regarding the cyber attack and is not asking for credit card information
or Social Security numbers over the phone. For more guidance on recognizing scam email, please visit
the FTC Website: http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0003-phishing.

Credit Bureau Information

Equifax                            Experian,                           TransUnion
PO BOX 740241                      PO BOX 9532                         PO BOX 6790
ATLANTA GA 30374-0241              ALLEN TX 75013                      FULLERTON CA 92834-6790
1-800-685-1111                     1-888-397-3742                      1-800-916-8800
equifax.com                        experian.com                        transunion.com

                                                    2
You can obtain additional information from the FTC and the nationwide credit bureaus about fraud
alerts and security freezes. You can add a fraud alert to your credit report file to help protect your credit
information. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in your name because it
tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, but it also may delay your ability to obtain
credit. You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just one of the three nationwide credit bureaus
listed above. As soon as that bureau processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two bureaus,
which then must also place fraud alerts in your file. In addition, you can visit the credit bureau links
below to determine if and how you may place a security freeze on your credit report to prohibit a credit
bureau from releasing information from your credit report without your prior written authorization:

       Equifax security freeze: https://www.freeze.equifax.com/Freeze/jsp/SFF_PersonalIDInfo.jsp
       Experian security freeze: http://www.experian.com/consumer/security_freeze.html
       TransUnion security freeze: http://www.transunion.com/personal-credit/credit-disputes/credit-
        freezes.page

For Maryland and North Carolina Residents - You can obtain information from these sources about
preventing identify theft:

       Visit the Federal Trade Commission website at:
        www.ftc.gov, or call 1-877-ID-THEFT
        or write to this address:
        Federal Trade Commission
        600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
        Washington, DC 20580

       Maryland:
        Visit the Maryland Office of the Attorney General at:
        oag.state.md.us/idtheft/index.htm, or call 1-410-528-8662
        or write to this address:
        Consumer Protection Division
        Maryland Office of the Attorney General
        200 St. Paul Place
        Baltimore, MD 21202

       North Carolina:
        Visit the North Carolina Office of the Attorney General at:
        http://www.ncdoj.gov/Crime.aspx or call 1-919-716-6400
        or write to this address:
        Attorney General’s Office
        9001 Mail Service Center
        Raleigh, NC 27699-9001




                                                     3
