Date

Name
Address Line 1
Address Line 2
City, STATE, Zip Code

Dear Name:

We are writing to let you know about a privacy issue involving some of your personal
information. On January 1, 2014, a licensed insurance agent of AppleCare Insurance Services,
Inc., doing business as Golden Outlook (AppleCare), had his laptop computer stolen. Some of
your personal information was on it. This agent may have worked with you in discussing or
helping you enroll in a health plan.

The information that was involved may have included your name, date of birth, Social Security
number (usually shown as your Medicare Health Insurance Claim Number), and address. No
credit card, financial account, or other information was on the laptop computer.

We deeply regret this incident and any inconvenience or concern that it may cause. Upon
discovery, we investigated the matter and reviewed the backed-up contents of the laptop
computer’s hard drive to determine what information was contained in it. We have filed a police
report. We will also take appropriate employment actions against the agent at issue.

To protect against any possible misuse of your health information, we recommend that you
regularly monitor the explanation of benefits statements that you receive from your plan, your
bank and credit card statements, and your tax returns to check for any unfamiliar activity. If you
notice any health care services that you did not receive listed on an explanation of benefits
statement, please contact your plan at the number on the back of your membership card. If you
do not regularly receive explanation of benefits statements, you may request that your plan send
you these statements following the provision of any health care services in your name or plan
number by contacting your plan at the number on the back of your plan membership card. If you




                   6131 Orangethorpe Avenue, Suite 155, Buena Park, CA 90620
                             Main: 714.676.2102, Fax: 714.452-5061
notice any suspicious activity on either your bank or credit card statement or tax returns, please
immediately contact your financial institution, credit card company, or the federal or state
Internal Revenue Service.

As a precaution to help you detect any possible misuse of your personal information, we are
offering you one year of free LifeLock® Identity Theft Protection Services, which includes
proactive identity theft protection, identity theft alerts, address change verification, annual copies
of your credit report from all three national credit bureaus, and comprehensive recovery services
if you become a victim of identity theft during your LifeLock membership. We have enclosed
instructions for registering for this service and the enclosed Reference Guide provides details
about additional steps you may wish to take to monitor and protect your credit and finances.
You can also obtain additional information from the California Office of Privacy Protection
(www.privacy.ca.gov) on protection against identity theft.

We have also established a dedicated toll-free hotline that you can call if you have any questions.
The toll-free telephone number is 1-888-839-7948.

AppleCare takes this matter very seriously and is committed to protecting the privacy and
security of your personal information. We are reinforcing our existing policies and practices
with employees and evaluating additional safeguards to help prevent a similar incident from
occurring in the future. We deeply regret any inconvenience or concern caused by this incident.

Sincerely,




Michael Blea
Vice President/General Manager
AppleCare Insurance Services




                    6131 Orangethorpe Avenue, Suite 155, Buena Park, CA 90620
                              Main: 714.676.2102, Fax: 714.452-5061

                                                  2
                           LifeLock® Identity Theft Protection Services


AppleCare Insurance Services, Inc., doing business as Golden Outlook (AppleCare), has
partnered with LifeLock, Inc., an industry leader in identity theft protection, to offer you one year of
LifeLock® service at no cost to you. AppleCare will pay for a one-year LifeLock membership for the
individual who has received this letter. Your promotional code is only valid for you and no one else.


Turn Over This Page to Read What Is Included in LifeLock Identity Theft Protection.

You can enroll in LifeLock service by phone or online. You have until 05/31/2014 to sign up for
your membership.

Enroll by Telephone:                                  Enroll Online:

 1. Call LifeLock at 1-877-509-5357.                   1. Go to www.LifeLock.com.
    LifeLock representatives are available
    24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365
    days a year.                                       2. Click on the Plans and Pricing button on
                                                          the top right hand side of the webpage.

 2. Give the LifeLock representative your
    promotional code: [redacted]                       3. Enter your promotional code in the
                                                          Promo Code box. Your code is:
                                                          [redacted] and click Apply.
 3. Give the LifeLock representative your
    LifeLock Member ID. Your LifeLock                  4. Enter your first and last name (no
    Member ID is your first and last name                 spaces) in the LifeLock Member ID box
    with no spaces (Ex. Anthony Smith                     (Ex. Anthony Smith would be
    would be anthonysmith).                               anthonysmith).


                                                       5. Tab out and complete your enrollment.



You will receive a welcome email or letter from LifeLock confirming your enrollment has been
processed, although your protection begins immediately.


If you have questions about the services offered or enrollment in LifeLock identity theft protection,
please call 1-877-509-5357.
LifeLock membership includes:

      Identity Threat Detection and Alerts
          o Stolen identity information is used to apply for credit cards, wireless services, retail
               credit, utilities, mortgages or auto and payday loans. LifeLock actively monitors
               applications within an extensive network for attempts to use your personal
               information. Whenever suspicious activity is detected, you will receive an alert via
               email or phone.†

      Lost Wallet Protection
          o A lost or stolen wallet can leave you stranded. If your wallet goes missing, just call—
             anytime, anywhere—and LifeLock will help cancel or replace the contents, helping
             you stop fraudulent charges so you can get back on your way. Coverage includes:
             credit and debit cards, driver’s licenses, Social Security cards, insurance cards,
             checkbooks and travelers checks (pictures, cash and cash equivalents excluded).

      Address Change Verification
          o Identity thieves can redirect your mail, containing financial information, by
             impersonating you and providing a fraudulent new address. LifeLock monitors these
             requests and notifies you any time a change of address is requested in your name.

      Black Market Website Surveillance
          o Identity thieves illegally buy, sell and trade personal information on black market
              Internet sites around the world. LifeLock patrols over 10,000 criminal websites and
              notifies you if your private data is found.

      Reduced Pre-Approved Credit Card Offers
          o LifeLock requests that your name be removed from many pre-approved credit card
             mailing lists, an important information source for identity thieves.

      LifeLock Member Service 24/7/365
           o LifeLock is available to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. If
              at any time you have questions, sign in to your secure member portal at
              LifeLock.com, email Member.Services@LifeLock.com or call 1-800-LifeLock (543-
              3562).

      $1 Million Total Service Guarantee
          o As a LifeLock member, if you become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock will spend up
               to $1 million to hire experts to help your recovery.‡

†Network does not cover all transactions and scope may vary.

‡The benefits under the Service Guarantee are provided under a Master Insurance Policy
underwritten by State National Insurance Company. As this is only a summary please see the actual
policy for applicable terms and restrictions at LifeLock.com.




                                                  2
                                         Reference Guide

Order Your Free Credit Report
You are entitled to receive your credit report from each of the three national credit reporting
agencies once per year, free of charge. You may obtain your free annual credit report from each
of the national credit reporting agencies by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-
free at 877-322-8228, or by mailing your request to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O.
Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. Do not contact the three credit bureaus individually.
They provide free annual credit reports only through the website or toll-free number.

When you receive your credit report(s), review them carefully. Look for any inaccurate
information and contact the appropriate credit reporting agency to notify of any incorrect
information, including accounts you did not open; requests for your credit report from anyone
that you did not apply for credit with; or inaccuracies regarding your personal identifying
information, such as your home address and Social Security number. If you find anything that
you do not understand or that is incorrect, contact the appropriate credit reporting agency using
the contact information on the credit report as soon as possible so the information can be
investigated, and if found to be in error, corrected.

Contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
If you detect any unauthorized transactions in your financial accounts, promptly notify your
credit card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud,
promptly report the incident to your local law enforcement authorities, your state Attorney
General and the Federal Trade Commission. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) recommends that you take these additional steps:

   Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened
    fraudulently.
   File a complaint with the FTC using the ID Theft Complaint Form (available at
    www.ftc.gov/idtheft). Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data
    Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible by law enforcement agencies for their
    investigations. Use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when
    filing a report with law enforcement or to address disputes with credit reporting agencies
    and creditors about identity theft related problems such as new unauthorized accounts.
   File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors
    and any others that may require proof of the identity theft crime.

You can learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft by
contacting the FTC:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
              www.ftc.gov/idtheft/


                                                  3
Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File
To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against
the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone
applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be a victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take
steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can report potential identity theft to all three of the major credit bureaus by calling any
one of the toll-free fraud numbers below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud
alert at all three bureaus.

   Equifax                  Equifax Information Services                        800-525-6285                 www.equifax.com
                            LLC
                            P.O. Box 105069
                            Atlanta, GA 30348-5069

   Experian                 P.O. Box 9554                                       888-397-3742                 www.experian.com
                            Allen, Texas 75013

   TransUnion               Fraud Victim Assistance                             800-680-7289                 www.transunion.com
                            Department
                            P.O. Box 6790
                            Fullerton, California
                            92834-6790

Place a Security Freeze on Your Credit File
You may wish to place a “security freeze” on your credit file. A security freeze generally will
prevent creditors from accessing your credit file at the three nationwide credit bureaus without
your consent. You can request a security freeze by contacting the credit bureaus at:

   Equifax                 Equifax Security Freeze                                         www.equifax.com
                           P.O. Box 105788
                           Atlanta, Georgia 30348

   Experian                Experian Security Freeze                                        www.experian.com
                           P.O. Box 9554
                           Allen, Texas 75013

   TransUnion              Fraud Victim Assistance Department                              www.transunion.com
                           P.O. Box 6790
                           Fullerton, California 92834-6790

The credit bureaus may charge a reasonable fee to place a freeze on your account, and may
require that you provide proper identification prior to honoring your request.




                                                                      4
