20750 Civic Center Dr., Ste. 100
Southfield, MI 48076
 P: 248-352-7530 f: 248-352-7534
 www.arcadiahomecare.com

March 16, 2014

«Worker_FName» «Worker_LName»
«Address_Line1»
«Address_Line2»
«City», «State_Name» «Zip_Code»

Dear «Worker_FName» «Worker_LName»:


We are writing to you because of an incident at your employer, Arcadia Home Care a/k/a Arcadia Health Services, Inc.
(“Arcadia”).

There has been a security breach of your employment records and personal information.

The security breach stems from the unauthorized access of your personal information by Mr. Charles E. Symes, II and
his new business “Alegre.”

Mr. Symes had previously obtained access to your employment information under strict agreements and protocols that he
had with Arcadia. Mr. Symes was an independent contractor for Arcadia.

You entrusted your personal information to Arcadia. Mr. Symes was unauthorized to access your personal
information on behalf of his new enterprise, “Alegre.” Mr. Symes was previously authorized to use Arcadia’s
database, which contained your personal information, but only for authorized purposes and access. Unfortunately,
Arcadia has a reasonable belief that Mr. Symes and his group made unauthorized access to your personal information.

The personal information of yours includes all of the information that you lawfully had on file with Arcadia, including your
name, social security number, address, bank account information, and California driver’s license and other information.

Arcadia is deeply concerned about the security breach and the unauthorized access of your personal
information. Arcadia does not know if your personal information has been or will be misused by Mr. Symes and
his group, but we do know that Mr. Symes and his new group have made fraudulent misrepresentations to
Arcadia’s employees and clients.

Arcadia has learned that Mr. Symes and his new enterprise “Alegre” have told numerous falsehoods in order to mislead
and manipulate Arcadia’s employees. The false and fraudulent information that Mr. Symes’s group is spreading is untrue.
Please note that:
     Arcadia is NOT dissolving.
     Arcadia is NOT insolvent.
     Arcadia has NOT and has NEVER refused to pay its employees.

Because Arcadia believes that Mr. Symes’s and his group is willing to be untruthful about Arcadia, it gives cause for
concern about the possible misuse of your personal information. Arcadia is taking legal action to stop Mr. Symes and his
new company “Alegre” from committing further acts of misrepresentation and from retaining any of your personal
information that may have been obtained by him and his group. In the meantime, we are required by California law to
notify you of the security breach and the unauthorized access of your personal information.
