[Date]                                                                                     CSID PIN code: [XXXXXXXXXX]




[Name]
[Address]
[City], [State] [Zip]

Re:        Important Notice – Privacy Incident

Dear [Name]:

AT&T’s commitments to customer privacy and data security are top priorities, and we take those commitments very seriously.
As part of an ongoing investigation, we determined that your account was accessed without authorization in violation of
AT&T’s privacy and security policies between February and July, 2014. AT&T believes your account was accessed as part of
an effort to request codes that allow phones programmed for the AT&T Network to be used on other networks. This activity
did not affect your AT&T mobile device(s). While there is no evidence that your Social Security Number or information
related to telecommunications services that you purchase from AT&T, known as Customer Proprietary Network Information or
CPNI (e.g., type of service or quantity of service), has been acquired, such information was contained in the system accessed
and thus AT&T is offering you one year of free credit-monitoring. This notification to you has not been delayed as a result of a
law enforcement investigation.

As noted above, to help address any inconvenience this may cause, we are offering you one year of free credit monitoring –
and access to your credit report – with CSID. While we have already arranged for payment, you must enroll to start the
service. The attached page provides details about the service, as well as instructions on how to enroll online using the CSID
PIN code at the top of this letter. If you have questions about this CSID offering, please contact CSID at 877.274.5554 where
specialists are ready to assist you.

You may also want to consider contacting the major credit reporting agencies to place a fraud alert on your credit report, and
to learn about identity theft programs offered by the Federal Trade Commission. Details on how to contact the credit reporting
agencies and FTC can also be found on the attached page.

To strengthen your account security, we recommend that if you currently have a passcode on your account, you change it. If
you do not have a passcode on your account, we recommend you add one. The passcode will be required when you speak
with an AT&T representative on the phone or in a retail store, or to access your account online. You can change or add a
passcode online at att.com or by calling the number below. AT&T has also changed policies and strengthened operations to
mitigate the possibility of similar incidents occurring in the future.

Protecting customer privacy is critical to AT&T and we value your business. If you have any questions, please contact us at
800.438.5678 (select option 1, then option 2), weekdays between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. (Eastern time).

Sincerely,




Peter F. Diaz
Director – Consumer Centers Sales & Service

© 2015 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved.
CSID ProtectorSM

After you complete registration for CSID’s service that AT&T is providing for you at no charge, you will have increased visibility into any
possible fraudulent activity so you can respond more quickly if such activity is detected. You will also have an insurance policy of up to
$1,000,000 in coverage should you experience identity theft, and an Identity Restoration team to guide you through the recovery
process. AT&T encourages you to complete registration as quickly as possible before September 30, 2015 to take advantage of CSID
Protector Service.

Enrollment is conducted online at www.CSID.com/attcustomercare1 or by calling CSID at 877.274.5554 using your CSID "PIN Code"
shown at the top of the first page of this letter. This PIN Code can only be used once and cannot be transferred to another individual.
Once you have provided your PIN Code, you will be prompted to answer a few security questions to authenticate your identity:
previous addresses, names of creditors and payment amounts.

Should you have any questions regarding the service or the sign-up process, please contact CSID's Customer Care Center at
877.274.5554, 24 hours per day, or e-mail support@CSID.com. Once you have enrolled and set your User Name and Password, you
will return to CSID’s page to log in and access your personal information on future visits.

CSID Protector includes:

• Single Bureau Credit Report and Monitoring: Includes credit inquiries, delinquencies, judgments and liens, bankruptcies, new loans
   and more.
• Court Record monitoring: Looks for actions that might fraudulently link your name, birth date and/or Social Security number to
   criminal and court records.
• Public Records search: Looks for names and addresses affiliated with your Social Security number, address history and any
   changes to the same.
• Non-Credit Loans: Searches for short-term, high-interest payday loan activity that doesn't require a credit inquiry.
• Internet Surveillance: Monitors Web sites, chat rooms and bulletin boards for criminal selling or trading of your personal information
  online using CSID’s CyberAgent® technology.
• ID Theft Insurance: $1,000,000 insurance policy with $0 deductible.
• Restoration services: Full-service Identity Theft Restoration experts will act on your behalf to restore your credit and identity while
  you get on with your life.

                                                              Fraud Alerts
In addition to completing CSID Protector enrollment, AT&T strongly suggests that you contact the fraud departments of any one of the
three major credit-reporting agencies and let them know you may have potentially experienced identity theft. That agency will notify the
other two. Through that process, a “fraud alert” will automatically be placed in each of your three credit reports to notify creditors not to
issue new credit in your name without gaining your permission. You can also request information from the agencies about the option of
placing a security freeze on your credit reports. Contact:
   Equifax                                           Experian                                            TransUnionTM
   P.O. Box 740241                                   P.O. Box 2002                                       Post Office Box 6790
   Atlanta GA 30374                                  Allen, TX 75013                                     Fullerton, CA 92834
   To report fraud call:                             To report fraud call:                               To report fraud call:
   877.478.7625                                      888.397.3742                                        800.680.7289
   Website: www.fraudalerts.equifax.com              Website: www.experian.com                           Website: www.transunion.com
We also encourage you to carefully review your credit report(s). Look for accounts you did not open and inquiries from creditors that
you did not initiate. Also review your personal information for accuracy, such as home address and Social Security number. If you see
anything you do not understand or that is inaccurate, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. If you find
suspicious activity on your credit reports or bank account, call your local police or sheriff’s office and file a police report of identity theft.
Get a copy of the police report. You may need copies of the police report to clear your personal records.

Learn about the FTC’s identity theft programs at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft or call the FTC's toll-
free Identity Theft helpline: 877.ID.THEFT (877.438.4338); TTY: 866.653.4261.
