AUTOMOTIVE RECOVERY SERVICES, INC.
Processing Center• P.O. BOX 141578• Austin, TX 78714




                    00113
                    JOHN Q. SAMPLE
        o2
        ACD 1234
                    1234 MAIN STREET
   00-AC1DL T1E-3   ANYTOWN US 12345-6789


                                                                                                      July 1, 2015

        Dear John Sample,

        We are writing to you because you donated a vehicle to a charitable organization between 2005
        and 2014. Automotive Recovery Services ("ARS"), which you may know as Vehicle Donation
        Processing Center ("VDPC"), processed these vehicle donations for the charitable organization.
        In connection with these services, ARS may have collected personal information from you.

        ARS takes the security of this information seriously. Unfortunately, we have discovered that
        unauthorized person(s) gained access to certain VDPC legacy systems. While the source of this
        intrusion is still under investigation, it may have exposed your personal information between July
        2012 and May 2015, including your name, social security number, street address, email address,
        phone number, drivers license number, the type of vehicle you donated, and/or the name of the
        charity to which you donated your vehicle. This incident occurred on our systems and not the
        systems of the charity to which you donated your vehicle.

        We have no evidence that your information has been misused, stolen or compromised. We
        nonetheless want to make you aware of steps you may take to guard against potential identity
        theft or fraud. Please review the enclosed information about protecting your identity. Please also
        be aware of any suspicious emails purporting to come from a charity.

        As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months
        at no cost to you. The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you
        can use them at any time during the next 12 months.

        AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting
        your identity. You are automatically eligible to use this service. If a problem arises, simply call
        1-855-861-4023 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore
        your credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear ID maintains
        an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

        AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a
        $1 million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your
        personal information to AllClear ID. You may sign up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone
        by calling 1-855-861-4023 using the following redemption code: Redemption Code.

        Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your phone alerts.

        Because your social security number may have been involved, we recommend that you take
        advantage of and activate this free service.


                                                                                         01-03-2-00
We are taking steps to prevent a similar occurrence by refining our security programs and
implementing additional security layers.

If you have further questions or concerns about this incident, please contact 1-855-861-4023.
We sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern caused by this incident.

                                                         Sincerely,

                                                        john beam,
                                                          John Bean
                                                          Vice President
                                                          Automotive Recovery Services, Inc.
                                      Information about Identity Theft Prevention
                                                                                                                   y obtain your
We recommend that you remain vigilant and regularly review statements from your accounts and periodicall
              from one or more of the national credit   reporting companies.  You  may  obtain a free copy  of your  credit report
credit report
                                                                                         an Annual  Credit Report Request    Form
online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing
                                                                Report Request Service,  P.O. Box  105281,  Atlanta, GA,  30348-
(available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit
                                                                                                                 credit reporting
5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national
agencies listed below.

    Equifax, P.O. Box 105139, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com
                                                                                                              did not initiate or do
When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Look for accounts or creditor inquiries that you
                                                         address  and  Social Security number, that is not  accurate.   If you see
not recognize. Look for information, such as home
anything you do not understan d, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

                                                                                                         reports, and promptly report
We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit
                                                                   to  the  proper law   enforceme nt authorities , including local law
any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and
                                                       the Federal Trade   Commissi  on  ("FTC"). You   may  contact   the FTC or your
enforcement, your state's attorney general and/or
state's regulatory authority to obtain additional informatio n about avoiding identity theft.

    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
                                                                                            v/idtheft
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.go
                                                                                                 identity theft from the
    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding
    Maryland Office of the Attorney General:
         Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
         200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us
     For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.
                                                                                       and avoiding identity theft from the
     For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing
     North Carolina Attorney General's Office:
         North Carolina Attorney General's Office, Consumer Protection Division
         9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov

                                                                                                report to put your creditors on notice
Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit
                                                        an extended  alert. You  may  ask that an   initial fraud alert be placed on your
that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and
                                                                                                 initial fraud alert stays on your credit
credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An
                                                                                                 if you have already been a victim of
report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report
                                                                              alert stays on your   credit report for seven years. You
identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud
                                                               toll-free fraud number   of any  of   the three national credit reporting
can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the
agencies listed below.

      Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
      Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
      TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com
                                                                                                a credit freeze, also known as a security
Credit Freezes (for Non-Massachusetts Residents): You may have the right to put
freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without         the  use of a PIN number that is issued to
                                                                  prevent  potential   credit grantors   from accessing your credit report
you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to
                                                     potential creditors and   other  third parties  will  not be able to get access to your
without your consent. If you place a credit freeze,
                                                                                                    delay your ability to obtain credit. In
credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may
                                                                                                     vary from state to state. The cost of
addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws
                                                                             by state,   generally  $5    to $20 per action at each credit
placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies
                                                       separatel  y place  a  credit freeze   on  your  credit  file at each credit reporting
reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must
                                     for how to establish a credit  freeze  differ from   state to state,   please   contact the three major
company. Since the instructions
credit reporting companies as specified below to find out more information:

      Equifax, P.O. Box 105788,Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
      Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
      TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com

                                                                                                            02-03-2
                                                                                                          national credit
You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the
reporting agencies listed above.
                                                                                                                               on your
Credit Freezes (for Massachusetts Residents): Massachusetts law gives you the right to place a security freeze
                             freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans  and  services  from  being approved   in your  name   without
consumer reports. A security
               Using  a security freeze, however,  may  delay  your  ability to obtain  credit.  You  may   request  that a freeze   be
your consent.
                                                                              agency   by  certified mail, overnight   mail or  regular
placed on your credit report by sending a request to a credit reporting
stamped mail to the address below:

      Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
      Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
      TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com
                                                                                                                                The following
 Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company.
                                                                                                    and   your  spouse   must    be submitted
information should be included when requesting a security freeze (documentation for you
                                                                               and  any  suffixes; Social  Security   number;    date of birth
when freezing a spouse's credit report): full name, with middle initial
                                                          addresses    for the past five (5) years; and  applicable   fee (if any)  or incident
(month, day and year); current address and previous
                                 enforcemen   t agency    or the  Department    of Motor  Vehicles.   The   request   should   also  include a
report or complaint with a law
                                                                                                                 and  a copy    of a utility bill,
copy of a government-issued identification card, such as a driver's license, state or military ID card,
                                                                                   name   and  current  mailing   address,    and  the  date of
bank or insurance statement. Each copy should be legible, display your
                                                                      company     may  charge   a reasonable    fee  of up  to  $5  to place    a
issue (statement dates must be recent). The credit reporting
                                             you are  a  victim  of identity theft or the spouse   of a  victim  of identity  theft, and   have
freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless
submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft to the credit reporting company.
                                              Terms of Use for AllClear Secure

If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial losses
and restore your identity. Benefits include:
   • Automatic 12 months of coverage;
   • No cost to you — ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation
services ("Services") to help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are
determined at the sole discretion of AllClear ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear
Secure is not an insurance policy, and AllClear ID will not make payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or
expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
You are automatically protected for 12 months from the date the breach incident occurred, as communicated in the breach notification
letter you received from Company (the "Coverage Period"). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are not covered
by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AlIClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the
terms herein, you must be a citizen eighteen (18) years of age or older, reside in the United States, and have a valid U.S. Social
Security number. Minors under eighteen (18) years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The
Services cover only you and your personal financial and medical accounts that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social
Security number, including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other financial accounts and/or medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
 • Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8077 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period;
 • Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from the
   sponsor Company;
 • Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may reasonably
   require;
 • Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies of all
   available investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law enforcement
   agencies, relating to the alleged theft.
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
 • Due to
      o Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
      o Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by any of your
        authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your "Misrepresentation")
 • Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
 • In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage period.
Other Exclusions:
 • AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation fees
    of any service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to determine its
    validity;
 • AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments or
    reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur;
 • AllClear   ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve your
   credit history or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud; and
 • You are expected to protect your personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, you will not recklessly
    disclose or publish your Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected to
   improperly use or disclose that Personal Information, such as, by way of example, in response to "phishing" scams, unsolicited
   emails, or pop-up messages seeking disclosure of personal information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear ID:

            E-mail                                Mail                                  Phone
            support@allclearid.com                AllClear ID, Inc.                     1.855.434.8077
                                                  823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                  Austin, Texas 78701




                                                                                                           03-03-2
