July 28, 2014


<Customer Email Address>

Re: Payment Card Compromise

Dear <Customer Name>:

Our company was founded on a commitment to absolute customer service and satisfaction. We
believe in transparency and clear communication. We therefore want to alert you that on July
23, 2014, we discovered that malware (malicious computer code) had been installed on our
server which compromised customer payment card information submitted with orders to our
company between April 27 and July 17, 2014. We have reported the matter to law enforcement.

It appears that the malware was installed on April 27, 2014, and that it was subsequently
detected, contained, and removed from our server by July 23, 2014. It appears that the malware
caused payment card data to be stolen on orders to our company between April 27 and July 17,
2014. The payment card data was comprised of customer names, mailing addresses, purchase
information, and credit card or debit card numbers. Since we do not use or collect debit or credit
card PINs or bank account numbers in our transactions, none of this data would have been
present in a transaction and would not have been affected by the breach.

Our site is now secure and measures have been implemented to prevent similar attempts in the
future. We are not aware of any connection between this breach and cases of fraud. We have
reported the breach to our merchant bank and to the three major credit bureaus in the United
States: Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. We did not provide them your personal information.

We deeply regret the inconvenience this may cause you. We take the security of your
information very seriously and encourage you to contact us should you have any questions. You
can call us at 800-953-5499 ext. 5, email us at data@backcountrygear.com, or visit us at
www.backcountrygear.com/data-notification. In the meanwhile, in addition to the notification
advisories on the following pages, we encourage you to change the password to the account you
hold with us. We also recommend that you closely monitor your financial accounts and that you
promptly contact your financial institution if you notice any unauthorized activity.

Again, we apologize for any inconvenience this may create. We know we are one of many
companies to experience a data breach, but we are frustrated on your behalf. We will do our best
to serve you as completely and as quickly as possible. On behalf of each member of our team,
thank you for your patience and loyalty.

Sincerely,


Michael Monson,
Co-Founder and Owner of Backcountrygear.com

                Please see State Notification Requirements on the following pages


                                                1
                               State Notification Requirements

All States: You may obtain a copy of your credit report at www.annualcreditreport.com or 877-
322-8228. You may also request information on how to place a fraud alert or security freeze by
contacting any of the following national credit bureaus. It is recommended that you remain
vigilant for any incidents of fraud or identity theft by reviewing credit card account statements
and your credit report for unauthorized activity.

Equifax                       Experian                      TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241               P.O. Box 2104                 P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30374             Allen, TX 75013               Chester, PA 19022
www.equifax.com               www.experian.com              www.transunion.com
800-525-6285                  888-397-3742                  800-680-7289

For residents of Massachusetts: It is required by state law that you be informed of your right to
obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.

For residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia: It is required by state law that you be
informed of your right to place a security freeze on your credit report by contacting any of the
credit bureaus listed above. A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services
from being approved in your name without your consent. The security freeze is free of charge if
you are a victim of identity theft and you provide a copy of an identity theft report made to law
enforcement or the Department of Motor Vehicles. The consumer reporting bureau may charge
a fee (generally $5.00) to lift or remove a security freeze.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able to use an online process, an
automated telephone line or a written request. Written requests can be made to the addresses
referenced above. Online and telephonic requests can be made to the following sites and
numbers: Equifax – https://www.freeze.equifax.com and 800-349-9960; Experian -
https://www.experian.com/freeze/center.html and 888-397-3742; and TransUnion -
http://www.transunion.com/personal-credit/credit-disputes/credit-freezes.page and 888-909-
8872. The following information must be included when requesting a security freeze: full name
and any suffixes; complete address; Social Security Number; date of birth; proof of
identification; and the identify theft report referenced above.

For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, and West
Virginia: It is required by state laws that you be informed that you may obtain a copy of your
credit report, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any unauthorized activity on your
account.

For residents of Iowa: State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law
enforcement or to the Attorney General.

For residents of Oregon: State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law
enforcement and to the Federal Trade Commission.

For residents of Illinois, Maryland and North Carolina: You can obtain information from the
Federal Trade Commission, and for residents of Maryland and North Carolina, from your
respective state Office of the Attorney General, about steps you can take toward preventing
identity theft. These addresses are set forth on the following page.

                                                2
Federal Trade Commission                  Maryland Office of the        North Carolina Office
Consumer Response Center                  Attorney General              of the Attorney General
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW               Consumer Protection           Consumer Protection
Washington, D.C. 20580                    Division                      Division
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/   http://www.oag.state.md.us/   http://www.ncdoj.gov/
877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)                    888-743-0023                  877-566-7226

For residents of Vermont: State law advises you not to provide personal information in
response to electronic communications regarding security breaches.




                                               3
