May 14, 2012

NAME
ADDRESS1
ADDRESS2
ADDRESS3
CITY, STATE, ZIP

MID: [MD]


Dear Valued Customer:

It has recently been brought to our attention that personal information about merchants who
currently process with Bank of America Merchant Services (“BAMS”) had been shared
outside of the company by our service provider, First Data Corporation (“First Data”). This
information was provided to three firms in connection with First Data„s efforts to evaluate
effective verification and anti-fraud services. BAMS believes there is little risk of harm to
you, however, we sincerely regret this error, as the security of your information is one of
our top priorities at BAMS.

First Data has been working to improve its customer acceptance experience while reducing
fraud. To that end, First Data has been testing product offerings from two credit reporting
agencies (one of which is a First Data subsidiary) and a fraud analytics company. As part of
this testing initiative, in January and February 2012, First Data sent these three
organizations certain data, including the name, address, and social security numbers of
BAMS merchants. Please note that the data that First Data sent to the three companies is
the same information routinely provided by BAMS to credit reporting agencies in the
normal course of our merchant application underwriting and boarding process. The
agencies that received the data are required to maintain the security and confidentiality of
your information. In addition, these agencies did not pull credit reports on you nor did the
testing activities in any way impact your credit report or score as test databases, not live
ones, were used. Finally, the firms that the files were sent to have certified to First Data
that they did not further transfer the information and have now deleted the data sent.

As a gesture of our regret for this incident and to assure you of our steadfast commitment to
protecting your personal information and preserving your trust in us, we would like to offer
you a free one-year membership in Triple Advantage® from ConsumerInfo.com, Inc. an
Experian® company. Triple Advantage includes daily monitoring of your credit reports from
the three national credit reporting companies (Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion®) and
email monitoring alerts of key changes to your credit reports. This program will
automatically expire at the end of the one-year period.
To activate your complimentary one-year membership in Triple Advantage from Experian,
visit the website listed below and enter your individual activation code. If you prefer, you can
enroll on the phone by speaking with an Experian Customer Care representative toll-free at
1.866.252.0121.

       Triple Advantage Web Site: http://partner.consumerinfo.com/premium
                     Your Activation Code: [Activation Code]
                      You Must Enroll By: August 30, 2012

In addition, information is provided below about identity theft in general. Please call
1.800.430.7161 for more information. We appreciate your understanding and apologize to
you for this error by our service provider.

Sincerely,




Robyn C. Mitchell
Risk - Privacy Office
Bank of America Merchant Services
Important Further Information

   To learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft and to report incidents of
   identity theft, please contact the Federal Trade Commission:

                             Federal Trade Commission
                          1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338)
                              Consumer Response Center
                            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                Washington, DC 20580
                     www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or www.ftc.gov/credit

   Maryland residents can also obtain information on preventing identity theft by
   contacting the Maryland Attorney General‟s Office at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor,
   Baltimore, MD 21202, or calling 1-888-743-0023, or visiting their website at
   www.oag.state.md.us.

   North Carolina residents can also obtain information on preventing identity theft by
   contacting the North Carolina Attorney General‟s Office at 9001 Mail Service Center,
   Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, or calling 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, or visiting their website at
   www.ncdoj.gov.

   California Residents: For more information on identity theft, we suggest that you visit
   the website of the California Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

To protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft, we recommend that you place a
fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before
opening new accounts. Just call any one of the three credit reporting agencies at a number
below. This will let you automatically place fraud alerts with all of the agencies. You will
then receive letters from all of them, with instructions on how to get a free copy of your
credit report from each. You can also receive free copies of your credit reports at
www.annualcreditreport.com.

    Experian                        Equifax                         TransUnion
    888-397-3742                    800-525-6285                    800-680-7289

When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you did
not open. Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal
information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you
see anything you do not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone
number on the report.
If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff‟s
office and file a police report of identity theft. Get a copy of the police report. You may
need to give copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records. This
notification was not delayed by law enforcement investigation, and we are not aware of any
present law enforcement investigation relating to this incident.

Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports, we recommend that you check
your credit report every three months for the next year. Just call one of the numbers above
to order your reports and keep the fraud alert in place.
