<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>> <<NameSuffix>>                            <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




                                Important Data Security and Protection Notification

     Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
     We believe in acting quickly to protect our customers’ best interests. Thus, we are contacting you
     to inform you about a recent data security incident at Bank of Manhattan Mortgage Lending. Our
     investigation is ongoing, but it appears that an employee handled mortgage loan files stored on a
     removable disk drive in a manner that was contrary to our policies and instructions, and may have
     resulted in unauthorized disclosure or use of information in those files. These files included a loan that
     was originated for you at Bank of Manhattan Mortgage Lending, or was owned by Bank of Manhattan
     Mortgage Lending at one point. The loan files include name, address, loan number, phone numbers,
     Social Security numbers, birth dates, credit information, tax information, and other financial information.
     This information is in regards to your loan number ending with <<ClientDef1(Loan Number)>> originated
     on <<ClientDef2(Origination Date.)>> We conducted a prompt investigation and recovered the original
     removable disk drive. We have notified law enforcement and appropriate government agencies. We are
     not aware of any fraudulent or improper use of your information, nor are we aware of any subsequent
     disclosure of your data. Please be assured that we have taken every step necessary to address the
     incident to date, and that we will continue to investigate and take any additional steps that may be
     required. We are committed to fully protecting the information you have entrusted to us.
     What we are doing to protect your information:
     In addition to completing the investigation, we are offering services and resources to help protect your
     information and identity.
         •	 Credit Monitoring and Identity Theft Protection: We have secured the services of Kroll to provide
            identity theft protection at no cost to you for 12 months. Your identity theft protection services
            include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher, Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan, and Identity Theft
            Consultation and Restoration. A description of these services is included with this letter.
         •	 Solution Support Call Center: Call Center professionals are available to you at 1-866-775-4209 to
            address questions about the data security incident, address specific questions about the services
            available to you, and answer general questions about identity theft. The Solution Support Center
            is staffed by licensed investigators from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Central Time, Monday through Friday.
            Licensed investigators can help identify the nature of any fraud and assist you in completing
            necessary documents. They will also further advise you about resources, processes, and next
            steps for any identity recovery work.
         •	 Insurance: You can obtain $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, at no cost.
     Visit krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions to take advantage of
     these services. To sign up, you will need to provide your Membership Number.
     	        Your Membership Number: <<Member ID>>




                                                          -1-                                                      974U43-0615
What you can do to protect your information:
There are additional actions you may take to reduce the chances of identity theft or fraud on your
account(s).
   •	 Remain vigilant: Pay attention to your credit and financial accounts over the next twelve to twenty-
      four months, carefully examining all credit card billings and other such statements to verify
      charges. If anything looks suspicious, promptly report the incident as suspected identity theft.
   •	 Get more information: The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338;
      TTY: 1-866-653-4261. They also provide information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.
   •	 Place a 90-day fraud alert on your credit file. An initial 90 day security alert indicates to anyone
      requesting your credit file that you suspect you are a victim of fraud. When you or someone else
      attempts to open a credit account in your name, increase the credit limit on an existing account,
      or obtain a new card on an existing account, the lender should takes steps to verify that you have
      authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify this, the request should not be satisfied. You
      may contact one of the credit reporting companies below for assistance.
	Equifax	                                          Experian	                                   TransUnion
	1-800-525-6285	                                   1-888-397-3742	                             1-800-680-7289
	 www.equifax.com 	                                www.experian.com	                           www.transunion.com
You may also obtain a free copy of your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by
calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form (available at
www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA,
30348-5281.
We apologize for this incident and we very much regret any inconvenience it may cause you. Should
you have questions or concerns regarding this matter and/or the protections available to you, please
call 1-866-775-4209.
Sincerely,
Bank of Manhattan Mortgage Lending

krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome,
Firefox, and Safari.
To receive credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your
name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file. To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call
1-844-263-8605.




                                                                     -2-
 Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services
 You’ve been provided with access to services from Kroll, a global leader in risk mitigation. Over the past 14 years,
 Kroll has provided data breach response services for cases impacting more than 100 million individuals including
 personal consultation to more than 180,000 consumers and worked some 8,000 confirmed identity theft cases.
 When you need assistance, rest assured that your services are backed by an expert team who can answer any
 question you may have.

 The following services are included in your Essential Monitoring package:

                                          Kroll employs a team of experienced licensed investigators to provide you with expert,
                                          one-on-one assistance:
                                          Consultation: You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed
                                          investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection,
                                          explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
                                          interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating
                                          suspicious activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.
       CONSULTATION AND
      RESTORATION SERVICES
                                          Restoration: Kroll’s restoration services are the most comprehensive of any provider.
                                          Should you become a victim of identity theft, a dedicated licensed investigator can work
                                          on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does more than shoulder the
                                          bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the theft, and then
                                          work with creditors, collection agencies, utilities, government entities, and more …
                                          to resolve it.

                                          Credit Monitoring through TransUnion: Credit services can be a key tool in detecting
           CREDIT SERVICES                early warning signs of identity theft. You’ll receive alerts when there are changes to your
                                          credit data—for instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name. If you do
                                          not recognize the activity, you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help
                                          you determine if it’s an indicator of identity theft. You’ll also receive “no activity” notices
                                          if there have been no changes to your data.

                                          Web Watcher: Web Watcher helps to detect if your personal information is being bought
                                          and sold online. This program monitors hacker chat rooms, forums and other websites
                                          where criminals are known to trade stolen information. Thousands of sites are monitored,
           WEB WATCHER                    looking for matches to your personal information, such as Social Security, medical ID,
         PER S                  ION
                                          and financial account numbers. If your information is found, you will be promptly alerted
                 ONA L   PROTECT
                                          and provided with instructions to contact your investigator. Monitoring starts as soon
                                          as you enroll and select the information to search.

                                                                                 Your identity theft protection services are continued on back …


                                  How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services

         Visit krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com                                            Help is only a phone call away.
     and follow the online instructions to take advantage                        If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a
           of your identity theft protection services.                       victim of identity theft, call Kroll at the toll-free number provided in
    You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s             the accompanying letter, and ask to speak with an investigator.
 identity protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide         Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
   the membership number included with the accompanying letter.                Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.


krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
                  Public Persona: Public Persona monitors public record databases for names, aliases
                  and addresses that are associated with your Social Security number. Records include,
                  among other data sources, property or deed registration, internet job site providers,
PUBLIC PERSONA    state occupational license data, and court proceedings. If information is found, an
     IDENTITY     alert email is sent. If you see a name, address or alias that is not associated with you,
    MONITORING
                  contact Kroll’s investigators for more information. Once you have enrolled, you can
                  view the services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s identity protection website.

                  Quick Cash Scan: Quick Cash Scan monitors thousands of short-term and cash-advance
                  loan sources, such as rent-to-own or payday lenders. These are sometimes referred to
                  as “non-credit” loans because the application process does not always include a credit
QUICK CASH SCAN
                  check, making it easier to use stolen or fraudulent identity information. You’ll receive an
                  alert when a loan is reported, and you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator for
                  more information.

                  $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance: Reimburses you for out-of-pocket expenses
    $
           I LL
        1 M ION   totaling up to $1 million in legal costs for any one stolen identity event. Additional
 IDENTITY THEFT
                  benefits include a $0 deductible and coverage for fees associated with replacing
   INSURANCE      documents, traveling expenses, loss of income, child care and elderly care and
                  fraudulent withdrawals. All coverage is subject to the conditions and exclusions
                  in the policy.
