   DataSupport

   From:                            notifications@bankofthewest.com
   Sent:                            Thursday, February 06, 2014 4:00 PM
   To:                              DataSupport
   Subject:                         Important notice from Bank of the West




                                                180 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94104



February n
         6, 2014


I am writing to alert you that information you provided during an online job application for Bank of the West may have been accessed by
unauthorized individuals.


On December 19, 2013 we discovered that a retired internet application that provided job listings and accepted applications for positions at the
Bank had been illegally accessed. While we do not have conclusive evidence that personal information was taken during this access, the
unauthorized users may have obtained information concerning you including your user name and password created to access the site.


On discovery of the potential data exposure, the servers involved were promptly secured and additional security measures were established. We
are also actively cooperating with law enforcement in their investigation of this incident.


Because your user name and password were potentially involved, we want to provide you with information to assist you in protecting against
the risk of unauthorized credit activity. While a user name and password do not give access to your accounts or credit file, it is recommended
that you monitor your account statements and credit report for unauthorized activity or inquiries. We would also like to offer you one year of
free identity monitoring through First Watch ID as an additional measure of protection. Please also read the Important Notice below.


We deeply regret any inconvenience this may cause. To enroll in First Watch ID or if you have any questions please call our dedicated hotline
toll-free at 1-866-264-1050 Monday through Friday between the hours of 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. Pacific Time.


Sincerely,




Eric Eisenberg
HR Director, Bank of the West




                                                                         1
Important Notice
You have the right to obtain a copy of your credit report for free once a year from each credit reporting agency. You can obtain a free report by
visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 1-877-322-8228. First Watch also provides you with easy online access to monitor your
credit activity using the three major credit bureau services. First Watch suggests you remain vigilant by checking your account statements
monthly and requesting your free credit report from one bureau at a time every four months. First Watch will send you an email (at the email
address you provide) every four months reminding you to request your free credit report from the appropriate bureau.


If you request a copy of your report, carefully review the information to identify any unauthorized transactions or inquiries. Look for personal
information, such as a home address, employment or social security number, which is not accurate. If you see anything you do not understand,
call the credit agency at the telephone number on the report.


If you do find suspicious activity on your credit report, call your local police or sheriff's office and file a report of identity theft. Get a copy of the
police report, as you may need to give copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records.


In addition to reviewing your credit report, you have the right to place an initial "fraud alert" on your credit file. A "fraud alert" lets creditors
know that they should contact you before they open a new account in your name. You can do this by calling any one of the three credit
reporting agencies at the number below. This will let you automatically place fraud alerts with all three agencies, which will send you
information on how you can order a free credit report from each of the agencies. The "fraud alert" will stay on your account for 90 days. After
that you can renew the alert for additional 90-day periods by calling any one of the three agencies:


                               Equifax: 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com;
                               P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241

                               Experian: 1-888-EXPERIAN (397-3742); www.experian.com;
                               P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013

                               TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289; www.transunion.com;
                               Fraud Victim Assistance Division,
                               P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790

Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports, the California Office of Privacy Protection recommends that you check your credit
reports every three months for the next year. The law allows you to order a free credit report from each agency every 12 months. You may order
one, two, or all three reports at the same time, or you may stagger your requests during a 12-month period to monitor the accuracy and
completeness of the information in your reports. Just call one of the numbers above to order your report and keep the "fraud alert" in place.
For more information on identity theft, you may visit their website at www.privacy.ca.gov.


The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) also provides information about identify theft. You can visit
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers, or you may also contact the FTC directly: Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington DC, 20580, 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357).



Please do not reply to this message; it was sent from an unmonitored email address.




                                                                             2
