<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>> <<NameSuffix>>                                <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
Barbecue Renew, Inc., (“Barbecue Renew” or “us” or “we”), is an e-commerce retailer offering grill accessories,
equipment and replacement parts through our website www.grillparts.com. You are receiving this notification
because at some point in the past, you completed a purchase through our website which required you to provide
us with your credit card information. We have determined that your cardholder data, which may include your first
and last name, address, personal card account number, expiration date, and card security codes, may have been
compromised as a result of a series of cyber attacks on our web server. This letter will explain how this compromise
occurred, how you could potentially be affected, and what specific steps you may take in order to protect yourself
from certain risks regarding any potential misuse of this information.
In October of 2014, we received a notification from our acquiring bank, Bank of America, of two incidents of possible
fraud associated with a suspected security compromise of cardholder data. We immediately began an internal
investigation and took corrective measures to remediate any possible vulnerability which may have been exploited
by attackers thereby resulting in a security breach. By October 21, 2014, Barbecue Renew had remedied the vulnerability
that was suspected of having been exploited by the attackers by either removing or fixing vulnerable web pages but
attackers had already exploited this vulnerability.
On November 12, 2014, Barbecue Renew was informed of a third potential compromise of cardholder data by a third
payment card brand. Unfortunately, this occurred prior to our implementation of the previously described corrective
measures. Barbecue Renew immediately notified law enforcement, retained a third party forensic investigator
and took immediate steps to determine what information may have been accessed and the extent of any possible
compromise of cardholder data.
Through the investigation we discovered that from January of 2014 to October 2014, cardholder data was exposed on
three separate occasions for various lengths of time due to a cyber attack against our web server. On December 17th,
2014, Barbecue Renew provided a final investigative report to the card brands and Bank of America, its acquiring bank,
to alert them of the results of the investigation and to confirm that individual personal financial information was in fact
compromised. We are working with leading IT security firms, data privacy and protection attorneys, law enforcement
and payment industry contacts to continue to address this incident. Additionally, we are devoting all necessary resources
to our ongoing efforts to enhance our information security policies and procedures in light of this incident to minimize
the risk of such incidents in the future.
We are notifying you so that you can take steps to help protect your information from unauthorized use, such as the
steps detailed in the enclosed reference guide. We also want to assure our customers we are working hard to address
these events and will share additional facts as we are able to do so. If you have specific questions related to the security
of your card holder information in light of this notification you should contact your card issuing bank directly.
We urge you to be vigilant about monitoring unauthorized account activity and to alert your bank and/or account
issuers who may be able to impose additional security measures. We are also working with Kroll to provide you
with services at no cost to you to help you safeguard your identity, including consultation and restoration services
in the event of a potential identity theft.




                                                                                                                     ??????-????
What Are We Doing To Protect You?
To help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, we have secured the services of Kroll to
provide identity theft protection at no cost to you for one year. Kroll is a global leader in risk mitigation and
response, and their team has extensive experience helping people who have sustained an unintentional exposure
of confidential data.
Your identity theft protection services include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher, Identity Theft Consultation and
Restoration. Additional information describing your services is included with this letter.

  	       Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions
          to take advantage of your Identity Theft Protection Services.
      	   Membership Number: <<Member ID>>


What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s licensed investigators are standing
by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership number ready.
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this incident may cause you.
Sincerely,
Barbecue Renew



kroll.idMonitoringService.com is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
To receive credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your name, and have a
U.S. residential address associated with your credit file. To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-???-???-????.
                                                   Reference Guide
To protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to review
your account statements, to monitor your credit reports and to consider these additional steps:
Security Freeze. Some state laws allow you to place a security freeze on your credit reports. This would prohibit
a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your written permission.
You should be aware, however, that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or
prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit, mortgages, employment, housing or
other services. The specific costs and procedures for placing a security freeze vary by state law, but this reference
guide provides general information. You can find additional information at the websites of any of the three credit
reporting agencies listed below.
If you believe that you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the credit reporting agency with a valid
police report, it will not charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze on your credit reports. In all other
cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 (and in some cases, up to $20.00) each time you place,
temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.
Requirements vary by state, but generally to place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written
request to each of the three credit reporting agencies noted below, which must include the following information:
(1) Full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.); (2) Social Security Number; (3) Date of birth; (4)
Addresses for the prior five years; (5) Proof of current address; (6) A legible copy of a government issued identification
card; (7) A copy of any relevant police report, investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning
identity theft and (8) If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card
(Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash though the mail.
Equifax Security Freeze	 Experian Security Freeze	 TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105788	         P.O. Box 9554	            P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348	  Allen, Texas 75013	       Fullerton, California 92834-6790
877-478-7625	888-397-3742	800-680-7289
www.equifax.com	 www.experian.com	www.transunion.com
Free Credit Reports. To order a free copy of your credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at
(877) 322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”)
website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.
The three national credit bureaus provide free annual credit reports only through the website, toll-free number or
request form.
When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the “inquiries”
section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill under names other
than their store or commercial names. The credit bureau will be able to tell you when that is the case. Look in the
“personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as home address and Social Security
number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit bureau at the telephone number on the report.
Errors in this information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the credit bureaus of any
inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated
and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the
appropriate credit bureau by telephone and in writing.
Fraud Alerts. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud
alert alerts you of an attempt by an unauthorized person to open a new credit account in your name. When a merchant
checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be
the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can
place a free fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one of the toll-free fraud numbers provided below. You will
reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three credit bureaus.
You can also place a fraud alert on your credit report online at the websites listed below for Equifax and Experian
and via email for TransUnion at fvad@transunion.com.
Equifax	                     Experian	           TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105069	             P.O. Box 1017	      P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348-5069	 Allen, Texas 75013	 Fullerton, California 92834-6790
800-525-6285	                888-397-3742	800-680-7289
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com	www.experian.com	 www.transunion.com
Police Report. If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or account statements, or have reason to believe
that your personal information is being misused, contact your local law enforcement authorities immediately and
file a police report. You have the right to request a copy of the police report and should retain it for further use, as
many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of potential fraudulent debts.
Consulting the FTC. In addition to your state Attorney General, you can contact the FTC to learn more about how to
protect yourself from identity theft:
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/
Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services
You’ve been provided with access to services from Kroll, a global leader in risk mitigation. Over the past 14 years,
Kroll has provided data breach response services for cases impacting more than 100 million individuals including
personal consultation to more than 180,000 consumers and worked some 8,000 confirmed identity theft cases.
When you need assistance, rest assured that your services are backed by an expert team who can answer any
question you may have.

The following services are included in your Credit Monitoring package:

                                        Kroll employs a team of experienced licensed investigators to provide you with expert,
                                        one-on-one assistance:
                                        Consultation: You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed
                                        investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection,
                                        explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
                                        interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating
                                        suspicious activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.
     CONSULTATION AND
    RESTORATION SERVICES
                                        Restoration: Kroll’s restoration services are the most comprehensive of any provider.
                                        Should you become a victim of identity theft, a dedicated licensed investigator can work
                                        on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does more than shoulder the
                                        bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the theft, and then
                                        work with creditors, collection agencies, utilities, government entities, and more …
                                        to resolve it.

                                        Credit Monitoring: Credit monitoring can be a key tool in detecting early warning signs
         CREDIT SERVICES                of identity theft. You’ll receive alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for
                                        instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name. If you do not recognize
                                        the activity, you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help you determine
                                        if it’s an indicator of identity theft. You’ll also receive “no activity” notices if there have
                                        been no changes to your data.

                                        Web Watcher: Web Watcher helps to detect if your personal information is being bought
                                        and sold online. This program monitors hacker chat rooms, forums and other websites
                                        where criminals are known to trade stolen information. Thousands of sites are monitored,
         WEB WATCHER                    looking for matches to your personal information, such as Social Security, medical ID,
       PER S                  ION
                                        and financial account numbers. If your information is found, you will be promptly alerted
               ONA L   PROTECT
                                        and provided with instructions to contact your investigator. Monitoring starts as soon
                                        as you enroll and select the information to search.




                                How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services

           Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com                                              Help is only a phone call away.
   and follow the online instructions to take advantage                        If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a
         of your identity theft protection services.                       victim of identity theft, call Kroll at the toll-free number provided in
   You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s            the accompanying letter, and ask to speak with an investigator.
identity protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide        Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
  the membership number included with the accompanying letter.               Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.


 Kroll.idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
State Notification Requirements
All States.
You may obtain a copy of your credit report or request information       free if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of
on how to place a fraud alert or security freeze by contacting any       identity theft, and you have submitted a valid police report relating
of the national credit bureaus below. It is recommended that you         to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.
remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing
credit card account statements and monitoring your credit report       For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North
for unauthorized activity.                                             Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia.
                                                                       It is required by state laws to inform you that you may obtain a copy
Equifax	Experian	TransUnion	                                           of your credit report, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any
P.O. Box 740241	         P.O. Box 2104	           P.O. Box 2000        unauthorized activity on your account.
Atlanta, GA 30374	 Allen, TX 75013	               Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111	1-888-397-3742	 1-800-888-4213                          For residents of Iowa.
www.equifax.com	www.experian.com	www.transunion.com State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law
                                                                       enforcement or to the Attorney General.
For residents of Massachusetts.
It is required by state law that you are informed of your right to     For residents of Oregon.
obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.          State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law
                                                                       enforcement, as well as the Federal Trade Commission.
For residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia.
You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit      For residents of Illinois, Maryland and North Carolina.
report by contacting any of the credit bureaus listed at above.        You can obtain information from the Federal Trade Commission, and
A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services    for residents of Maryland and North Carolina, from your respective
from being approved in your name without your consent.                 state Office of the Attorney General, about steps you can take
                                                                       toward preventing identity theft.
To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able
to use an online process, an automated telephone line or a written     Federal Trade Commission
request. The following information must be included when requesting    Consumer Response Center
a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report     600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as      Washington, DC 20580
well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any        www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/
previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any applicable       Maryland Office of	           North Carolina Office of
incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the        the Attorney General	         the Attorney General	
Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request must also include a copy         Consumer Protection Division	 Consumer Protection Division
of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent        200 St. Paul Place	           9001 Mail Service Center
utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each   Baltimore, MD 21202	          Raleigh, NC 27699-9001	
copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address,          1-888-743-0023	1-877-566-7226
and the date of issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge          www.oag.state.md.us	www.ncdoj.com
a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze and
