We deeply value your business. The security of your personal information is our top priority which
is why, as a precautionary measure, we are informing you of a data security incident which may
involve certain credit card data, including your credit card number and name.

Upon discovering a potential compromise, we immediately began an investigation to confirm the
nature of the unauthorized access to our system and to identify what information that may have been
exposed. The investigation has determined that the security of our payment card processing systems
used at five Bartell Hotels was compromised by a third party attacker. The five San Diego Bartell
Hotels affected by this compromise are the Best Western Plus Island Palms Hotel & Marina, The
Dana on Mission Bay, Humphreys Half Moon Inn & Suites, Pacific Terrace Hotel and the Days
Hotel –SeaWorld. While our investigation is ongoing, we can report that certain credit card
information, including card holder numbers and names used at the five identified hotels between
February 16, 2014 and May 13, 2014, may have been compromise by this attacker. Law
enforcement and the credit card brands have been notified of this incident.

Bartell Hotels encourages its guests to remain vigilant by reviewing their account statements, and
monitoring their credit reports for suspicious activity. Bartell Hotels also encourages its guests to
notify their banks that issued their card(s) of any suspicious activity and to monitor their credit
reports using the information posted below.

We sincerely apologize for any concern this incident may cause our customers. Our brand is built on
the foundation of transparency with our customers and we assure you the root of this problem has
been addressed and remediated so you may continue to vacation in San Diego with confidence at
one of our Bartell Hotels’ locations. We intend to provide affected individuals with credit
monitoring and identity protection services through AllClear ID. Please continue to check this
website for details on this, and any other necessary updates from our investigation. If you have any
questions, please call our privacy counsel, Kathryn Mellinger, Esquire at 215-977-4070.

Sincerely,

Richard Bartell
President
Bartell Hotels

To be posted below the letter


 STEPS YOU SHOULD TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION

We recommend that you closely monitor your account activity and statements. If you notice any
suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial institution that issued the
affected card. In addition, you should take the following steps.

• Notify Law Enforcement and the Federal Trade Commission of Suspicious Activity

You should also promptly report any fraudulent activity or suspected identity theft to proper law
enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission.

To file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-
ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC's Identity Theft
4827-9892-5085.1
Data Clearinghouse, which is a database made available to law enforcement agencies. For North
Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC
27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov. For Maryland residents, the Attorney General can be
contacted at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, (888) 743-0023,
www.oag.state.md.us.

• Monitor Your Credit Report

You can also protect yourself against unauthorized use of your credit card by monitoring your credit
report. A credit report is a detailed report of an individual's credit history, prepared by a credit
bureau, and used by lenders in determining a loan applicant's creditworthiness.

You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting
agencies once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-
322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit
Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request
form at https://www.annualcreditreport.com/cra/requestformfinal.pdf. Or you can elect to purchase a
copy of your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies. Contact
information for the three national credit reporting agencies for the purpose of requesting a copy of
your credit report or for general inquiries is provided below:

    •    Equifax (800) 685-1111 www.equifax.com P.O. Box 740241 Atlanta, GA 30374
    •    Experian (888) 397-3742 www.experian.com 475 Anton Blvd. Costa Mesa, CA 92626
    •    TransUnion (800) 916-8800 www.transunion.com P.O. Box 1000 Chester, PA 19022

• Place A Fraud Alert On Your Credit Report

You may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and
will stay on your credit file for at least ninety days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent
activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any
accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit
reporting agencies using the contact information above. Additional information is available at
http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

• Place A Security Freeze On Your Credit File

In some states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new
credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when
you initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing
your credit report without your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or
delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a security freeze on your credit file
with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer
reporting agency there may be a fee up to $5 to place, lift or remove the security freeze.

• Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid
identity theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT
(877-438-4338). A copy of Taking Charge: What to Do if Your Identity is Stolen, a comprehensive

4827-9892-5085.1
guide from the FTC to help you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be found on
the FTC's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.




4827-9892-5085.1
