      <<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>                           <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
      <<Address1>>
      <<Address2>>
      <<City>>, <<Stateprovince>> <<Postalcode>>
      <<Intelligent Mail Barcode>>



      Dear <<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>,
      We sent an email to you on May X, 2013, to advise you of an incident that may affect the security
      of your personal information. We are unaware of any attempted or actual misuse of your personal
      information, but are providing you additional information relating this incident to ensure that you
      are aware of the incident and so that you may take steps to monitor your identity, and your credit
      accounts, should you feel it is necessary to do so.
      On April 17, 2013, Beachbody became aware that an unknown unauthorized individual(s) hacked into the
      Powder Blue website. Upon learning that the Powder Blue website had been compromised, Beachbody
      immediately commenced an internal investigation. Beachbody retained privacy and data legal counsel
      to assist in its investigations and response to this incident. Beachbody retained third-party forensic
      experts, Kroll Advisory Solutions (“Kroll”), to identify vulnerabilities on the Powder Blue website. Kroll
      also assisted Beachbody in identifying the specific data exposed and the individuals affected by this
      incident. At this time, Kroll determined that your credit card number, email address, mailing address,
      telephone number, first name, last name, and CVV number were potentially accessed. No social security
      numbers were in this database.
      Beachbody takes this matter, and the security of your personal information, seriously. Upon discovering
      a potential issue with the Powder Blue website, in addition to launching its own internal investigation and
      retaining Kroll to perform an independent forensic investigation, Beachbody retained a second computer
      forensic company to ensure that all Powder Blue systems are in compliance with payment card industry
      standards and to ensure all affected individuals have been identified. Beachbody is also working with the
      United States Secret Service with its investigation into this incident. Although these investigations are
      ongoing, at this time we have no evidence to suggest that any of our computer systems outside of the
      Powder Blue website have been compromised. This notice was not delayed because of law enforcement.
      We retained Kroll to provide—at no cost to you—one year of its credit monitoring and identity restoration
      services under its ID TheftSmart program. Kroll is a global leader in risk mitigation and response, and
                                        TM




      has years of experience when it comes to helping people who have sustained an unintentional exposure
      of confidential data.
      Kroll’s ID TheftSmart program includes Continuous Credit Monitoring and Enhanced Identity Theft
      Consultation and Restoration:
           Continuous Credit Monitoring. Beachbody is providing you with no-cost access to Kroll’s credit
           monitoring service for 12 months from the date of this letter. Once activated, you will receive
           alerts whenever there are certain changes in your credit files, maintained by Experian, Equifax,
           and TransUnion, that could indicate suspicious activity.
           Enhanced Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Licensed investigators, who understand
           the problems surrounding identity theft, are available to answer your questions, at no cost, and to
           offer their expertise regarding any concerns you may have. Should your name and credit be
           affected by this incident, your investigator will help restore your identity to pre-theft status.
329-0513                                                                                                  930K50-0513
To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S.,
have a Social Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with
your credit file.
In order to receive credit services, you must follow one of two steps:
1.	VISIT www.idintegrity.com. Provide your unique membership number: <<MembershipNumber>>,
   last name, and zip code; for non-military U.S. citizens living abroad use zip code: 00000.
2.	If you would prefer to receive your alerts through the mail instead of online, fill out the enclosed
   Consumer Credit Report and Credit Monitoring Authorization Form and return it in the enclosed
   postage-paid envelope. This option is not available to United States citizens living abroad.
We have established a confidential assistance line for you to utilize if you have any questions or concerns
regarding the incident or the contents of this letter, or if you believe you may be a victim of identity theft.
This confidential assistance line is staffed with professionals trained in identity and credit safeguard and
restoration. These professionals are also familiar with this incident, and can provide you with additional
information concerning this incident. You may reach the confidential assistance line by dialing, toll-free,
(855) 269-6545 Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. C.D.T., excluding major holidays. Please
have your unique membership number (above) available when calling.
The enclosed “U.S. State Notification Requirements” sheet provides additional information on how
to protect against identity theft and fraud. This sheet also contains the contact information for state
and federal agencies, as well as the three national credit reporting agencies.
We apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this may have caused you. The safety and security of
your personal information remains a top priority of Beachbody. Please do not hesitate to take advantage
of Kroll’s IDTheftSmart program and to contact the privacy line should you have any questions.
Very truly yours,
Carl Daikeler
Chief Executive Officer, Beachbody
