                                                 TEMPLATE FOR NOTIFICATION LETTER

                                                 [[Date]]
Name
Address
City, State zip

Dear (Name),
        Re: Your [[insert type of card]] used on [[insert website]]
         We wanted to notify you of a security incident involving the [[insert name of website here]]
website, which is operated by BEL USA LLC. We have reason to believe that because you placed an
order with us on this website or by phone between March 1, 2013 and July 15, 2013 that your personal
information may have been obtained by unauthorized third parties. Upon learning that the website server
may have experienced unauthorized access, we immediately commenced an internal investigation and
then retained an independent expert to investigate this incident.
        The independent investigation has now determined that unauthorized third parties did obtain
access, which is why we are sending you this notice. The personal information that may have been
obtained is your name, address, phone number and the credit card or debit card number noted above and
the expiration date and CVV code for that card. Since we do not collect PINs for debit cards, this
information was not accessed or obtained by these unauthorized third parties.
         In addition to our investigation, at the same time we began implementing measures to address the
situation and retained experts to guide us through our response. Those steps included identifying how
personal information was put at risk and implementing changes to address that risk, including replacing
the affected server. We also contacted federal law enforcement and will cooperate with their
investigation.
         We deeply regret this unfortunate situation. As a valued customer, we would like to offer you a
special one-time 20% Off Coupon if you place an order with us before October 31, 2013. Please enter
your email address as the coupon code in the shopping cart when placing your order. Although we have
taken the steps noted above, we recommend that you also take preventative measures. We encourage you
to vigilantly monitor your credit and debit card account statements. If the card that you used with us was
a debit card, we suggest you contact the bank that issued your card and follow their recommendations. If
you notice fraudulent charges on the card, please contact your bank that issued the card.
        While credit card fraud is generally not considered identity theft, we understand that you may
want information on identity theft and detailed instructions on other actions you might consider. We have
enclosed additional steps that you can take to further protect your information.
        Thank you, as always, for visiting our websites. We sincerely regret and apologize for any
inconvenience that this may cause you. If you have additional questions, please email us any time at
questions@belincusa.com or you can call us at [[insert correct toll free number]].
                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Amin R. Ramjee
                                                 CEO
