 


Dear Customer:

We are writing to inform you of a security incident involving certain personal information you provided
while shopping at BoomerangTags.com (the “Website”). As a precaution we are providing this notice and
outlining some steps you may take to help protect yourself. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience
or concern this may cause you.

We recently learned that unauthorized individuals or entities installed malicious software on the computer
server we use to host our Website. We believe the malware compromised the payment card data of
visitors that made payment card purchases through the Website between July 4, 2013 and February 18,
2014, including name, address, payment card account number, card expiration date and security code.
According to our records, you made a payment card purchase at the Website during that timeframe, and
your information may be at risk.

We value our relationship with you and sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern this incident may
cause. Keeping your personal information secure is of the utmost importance to us, and we took steps to
address and contain the incident the same day it was discovered. We also promptly engaged a computer
forensic investigator to perform an investigation, and we have already taken measures designed to prevent
this from happening again the future, such as replacing our old payment processor and designing an
entirely new website with additional security features that will be launched in the near future.

We want to make you aware of steps you can take to guard against identity theft or fraud. We recommend
that you review your credit and debit card account statements as soon as possible in order to determine if
there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. You should remain vigilant and continue to monitor
your statements for unusual activity going forward. If you see anything you do not understand or that
looks suspicious, or if you suspect that any fraudulent transactions have taken place, you should call the
bank that issued the credit or debit card immediately.

We also recommend you carefully check your credit reports for accounts you did not open or for inquiries
from creditors you did not initiate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency
immediately. If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff's
office. Also, please review the enclosed “Information about Identity Theft Protection” reference guide
that describes additional steps you may take to help protect yourself, including recommendations by the
Federal Trade Commission regarding identity theft protection, and details on how to place a fraud alert or
a security freeze on your credit file.

If you have any questions or need further information regarding this incident, you may contact us by
sending an email to: [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS]. Again, we are sorry for any inconvenience or
concern this event may have caused.


Sincerely,



Don Carrick
Owner
BoomerangTags.com

                                                      

 



 
 


                               Information about Identity Theft Protection 


We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your
credit report from one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of
your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by
mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual
Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a
copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit reporting agencies listed
below.

Equifax                             Experian                             TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241                     P.O. Box 9532                        P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241              Allen, TX 75013                      Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
800-685-1111                        888-397-3742                         800-916-8800
www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                     www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you did not open.
Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal information, such as
home address, that is not accurate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency at
the telephone number on the report. If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your
local police or sheriff’s office and file a police report of identity theft. Get a copy of the police report.
You may need to give copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records.

You should remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and you
should promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law
enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal
Trade Commission (“FTC”).

You may contact the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about
avoiding and protection against identity theft: Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338),
www.ftc.gov/idtheft

For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity
theft from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General: Maryland Office of the Attorney General,
Consumer Protection Division 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023,
www.oag.state.md.us

For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding
identity theft from North Carolina Attorney General’s Office: North Carolina Attorney General’s Office,
Consumer Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM,
www.ncdoj.gov

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put
your creditors on notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You
may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are
about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days.
You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of identity
theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for


 
 


seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by contacting any of the three national
credit reporting agencies at the addresses or toll-free numbers listed below:


Equifax                              Experian                              TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241                      P.O. Box 9532                         Fraud Victim Assistance
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241               Allen, TX 75013                       Division
877-478-7625                         888-397-3742                          P.O. Box 6790
www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                      Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                           800-680-7289
                                                                           www.transunion.com

Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your
credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is
issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors
from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors
and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the
freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may
incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost
of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per
action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze
on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit
freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified
below to find out more information.

Equifax                              Experian                              TransUnion
                                     P.O. Box 9554                         Fraud Victim Assistance
P.O. Box 105788                      Allen, TX 75013                       Division
Atlanta, GA 30348                    www.experian.com                      P.O. Box 6790
www.equifax.com                                                            Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                           www.transunion.com

You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the
national credit reporting agencies listed above.




 
