                                                                                                                    	  

Bring	  It	  To	  Me,	  LLC	  
January	  28th,	  2014	  

Dear	  Bring	  It	  To	  Me	  Customer,	  	  

We	  value	  your	  business	  and	  respect	  the	  privacy	  of	  your	  information,	  which	  is	  why,	  as	  a	  precautionary	  
measure,	  we	  are	  writing	  to	  let	  you	  know	  about	  a	  data	  security	  incident	  that	  may	  involve	  your	  personal	  
or	  payment	  card	  information.	  

Our	  online	  ordering	  software	  provider,	  Big	  Tree	  Solutions,	  recently	  informed	  us	  that	  they	  identified	  
unauthorized	  modifications	  in	  their	  software	  that	  could	  potentially	  allow	  new	  payment	  credit	  card	  
information	  entered	  between	  October	  14,	  2013	  and	  January	  13,	  2014	  to	  have	  been	  obtained	  by	  an	  
unauthorized	  user.	  	  To	  the	  best	  of	  our	  knowledge	  at	  this	  time,	  if	  you	  entered	  your	  payment	  card	  before	  
or	  after	  this	  date	  range,	  the	  information	  was	  not	  compromised.	  

We	  are	  sending	  you	  this	  notice	  because	  we	  have	  identified	  your	  customer	  account	  as	  having	  added	  a	  
payment	  card	  within	  the	  above	  date	  range.	  We	  are	  truly	  sorry	  this	  potential	  exposure	  of	  payment	  card	  
information	  may	  have	  occurred.	  	  

Our	  vendor	  has	  corrected	  the	  unauthorized	  modification	  and	  implemented	  new	  systems	  and	  processes	  
to	  prevent	  this	  from	  happening	  again.	  They	  have	  engaged	  a	  leading,	  global	  information	  security	  firm	  to	  
conduct	  an	  investigation	  of	  the	  incident	  and	  to	  examine	  additional	  measures	  to	  help	  prevent	  incidents	  
of	  this	  kind	  in	  the	  future.	  They	  are	  also	  assisting	  in	  the	  ongoing	  United	  States	  Secret	  Service	  investigation	  
of	  the	  criminal	  activity.	  

Please	  review	  the	  attachment	  to	  this	  letter	  for	  further	  information	  on	  steps	  you	  can	  take	  to	  protect	  your	  
information.	  

Thank	  you	  so	  much	  for	  being	  a	  wonderful	  customer,	  we	  greatly	  appreciate	  your	  support.	  If	  you	  do	  
suspect	  that	  any	  fraudulent	  activity	  has	  occurred	  on	  your	  credit	  card	  on	  file,	  please	  contact	  your	  credit	  
card	  company	  immediately.	  	  

Your	  trust	  is	  very	  important	  to	  us.	  	  If	  you	  have	  any	  questions,	  please	  email	  us	  at	  info@bringittome.com	  
or	  call	  me	  directly	  at	  (619)	  289-­‐7613.	  	  

Sincerely,	  


	                           	  
Sherry	  Nep,	  Founder	            	              	       	          	           Brian	  Whorley,	  CoFounder	  
Bring	  It	  To	  Me,	  LLC	      	              	       	          	           BigTree	  Solutions,	  LLC	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  

	                                                                                       	                                	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  
Enclosure	  

                                                   4640	  Cass	  St	  #99901,	  San	  Diego,	  CA	  92169	  
                                                                                                          	  

                                STEPS	  YOU	  CAN	  TAKE	  TO	  FURTHER	  PROTECT	  YOUR	  INFORMATION	  

                                                                                         	  

For	   your	   convenience	   and	   per	   regulatory	   requirements,	   we	   have	   included	   the	   contact	   information	   for	  
the	  three	  nationwide	  credit	  reporting	  agencies.	  	  As	  a	  precautionary	  measure,	  we	  recommend	  that	  you	  
remain	   vigilant	   by	   reviewing	   your	   account	   statements	   and	   credit	   reports	   closely.	   If	   you	   detect	   any	  
suspicious	  activity	  on	  an	  account,	  you	  should	  promptly	  notify	  the	  financial	  institution	  or	  company	  with	  
which	   the	   account	   is	   maintained.	   You	   also	   should	   promptly	   report	   any	   fraudulent	   activity	   or	   any	  
suspected	   incidence	   of	   identity	   theft	   to	   proper	   law	   enforcement	   authorities,	   your	   state	   attorney	  
general,	  and/or	  the	  Federal	  Trade	  Commission.	  

To	   file	   a	   complaint	   with	   the	   FTC,	   go	   to	   www.ftc.gov/idtheft	   or	   call	   1-­‐877-­‐ID-­‐THEFT	   (877-­‐438-­‐4338).	  
Complaints	   filed	   with	   the	   FTC	   will	   be	   added	   to	   the	   FTC’s	   Identity	   Theft	   Data	   Clearinghouse,	   which	   is	   a	  
database	  made	  available	  to	  law	  enforcement	  agencies.	  

You	   may	   obtain	   a	   free	   copy	   of	   your	   credit	   report	   from	   each	   of	   the	   three	   major	   credit	   reporting	   agencies	  
once	   every	   12	   months	   by	   visiting	   http://www.annualcreditreport.com,	   calling	   toll-­‐free	   877-­‐322-­‐8228,	   or	  
by	   completing	   an	   Annual	   Credit	   Report	   Request	   Form	   and	   mailing	   it	   to	   Annual	   Credit	   Report	   Request	  
Service,	   P.O.	   Box	   105281,	   Atlanta,	   GA	   30348.	   You	   can	   print	   a	   copy	   of	   the	   request	   form	   at	  
https://www.annualcreditreport.com/cra/requestformfinal.pdf.	  Or	  you	  can	  elect	  to	  purchase	  a	  copy	  of	  
your	  credit	  report	  or	  for	  general	  inquiries	  is	  provided	  below:	  	  

Equifax	  	            	              	             	  Experian	               	          	                                           TransUnion	  
(800)	  685-­‐1111	   	               	             (888)	  397-­‐3742	   	               	                                           (800)	  916-­‐8800	  
www.equifax.com	                        	             www.experian.com	                       	                                           www.transunion.com	  
P.O.	  Box	  740241	                  	             P.O.	  Box	  9532	   	               	                                           P.O.	  Box	  6790	  
Atlanta,	  GA	  30374	                	             Allen,	  TX	  75013	  	              	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	   Fullerton,	  CA	  92834	  
	  
You	  may	  want	  to	  consider	  placing	  a	  fraud	  alert	  on	  your	  credit	  report.	  An	  initial	  fraud	  alert	  is	  free	  and	  will	  
stay	  on	  your	  credit	  file	  for	  at	  least	  90	  days.	  The	  alert	  informs	  creditors	  of	  possible	  fraudulent	  activity	  
within	  your	  report	  and	  requests	  that	  the	  creditor	  contact	  you	  prior	  to	  establishing	  any	  accounts	  in	  your	  
name.	  To	  place	  a	  fraud	  alert	  on	  your	  credit	  report,	  contact	  any	  of	  the	  three	  credit	  reporting	  agencies	  
using	  the	  contact	  information	  above.	  

In	  some	  US	  states,	  you	  have	  the	  right	  to	  put	  a	  security	  freeze	  on	  your	  credit	  file.	  This	  will	  prevent	  new	  
credit	  from	  being	  opened	  in	  your	  name	  without	  the	  use	  of	  a	  PIN	  number	  that	  is	  issued	  to	  you	  when	  you	  
initiate	  the	  freeze.	  A	  security	  freeze	  is	  designed	  to	  prevent	  potential	  creditors	  from	  accessing	  your	  credit	  
report	  without	  your	  consent.	  As	  a	  result,	  using	  a	  security	  freeze	  may	  interfere	  with	  or	  delay	  your	  ability	  
to	  obtain	  credit.	  You	  must	  separately	  place	  a	  security	  freeze	  on	  your	  credit	  file	  with	  each	  credit	  
reporting	  agency.	  	  

Maryland	  residents	  may	  also	  wish	  to	  review	  information	  provided	  by	  the	  Maryland	  Attorney	  General	  on	  
how	  to	  avoid	  identity	  theft	  at	  http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft,	  or	  by	  sending	  an	  email	  to	  
idtheft@oag.state.md.us,	  or	  calling	  410-­‐576-­‐6491.	  

	  


                                                     4640	  Cass	  St	  #99901,	  San	  Diego,	  CA	  92169	  
