                                                          Buckeye Check Cashing of California LLC
                                                                                   7001 Post Road, Suite 200
                                                                                         Dublin, Ohio 43016



[DATE]


[CUSTOMER NAME]
[CUSTOMER ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE AND ZIP CODE]

Dear [CUSTOMER NAME]:

We value our relationship with you and we respect the privacy of your information, which is why, as a
precautionary measure, we are writing to let you know about a data security incident that may involve your
personal information.

On June 27, 2013, a laptop that may have contained your personal information was stolen from a locked
vehicle in a smash-and-grab type of theft. The theft involved credit cards, a wallet and other personal
property from the vehicle. The law enforcement investigation is ongoing, but the laptop has not been
recovered. Though it is possible that your name, address, bank account information, and/or social security
number may have been or may be accessed, at this time we have no reason to believe that the data on the
laptop has been accessed.

Following discovery of the theft, we immediately set out to determine what information might be on the
laptop so that we could alert any customer whose information could have been on the stolen laptop. While
we have fully cooperated with law enforcement in their investigation of the theft and will continue to do so,
our cooperation with law enforcement has not caused any delay in notifying you about the incident. The
removal of any laptop containing the personal information of our customers was against our company’s data
security policy and the involved employee has been reprimanded. We have no reason to believe that this
type of incident would occur in the future.

We value your privacy and deeply regret that this incident occurred. We are continuing to work with law
enforcement and investigators to assure that we have taken appropriate steps to identify all affected
customers and information. We will notify you if there is any significant development.

You should remain vigilant about the protection of your personal information and review all of your account
statements for any suspicious activity. You should also take advantage of your opportunity to obtain a free
credit report by visiting:
                                         www.annualcreditreport.com

by calling (877)322-8228 and/or requesting from us an Annual Credit Report Request Form and submitting it
to Annual Credit Report Request Service P.O. Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.

You should also report any suspected identity theft. For your additional protection, we suggest that you
contact the fraud department at any one of the three credit agencies to inform them that you may be a
potential victim of identity theft and request that a “fraud alert” be placed on your credit file. A fraud alert is
a consumer statement added to your credit file that warns creditors about possible fraudulent activity within
your account and requests that any creditors contact you before they open any new accounts or change your
existing accounts. There is no charge for this service, and it is easy to request. Call any one of the three major
credit agencies listed below. As soon as you alert one credit agency it will notify the other two to place fraud
alerts on your account as well.


          Company                     Website                Telephone No.                   Mail
Equifax                                                                          P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA
                                 www.equifax.com             1-800-685-1111
                                                                                         30374-0241
Experian                                                                           P.O. Box 2104, Allen, TX
                                www.experian.com            1-888- 397-3742
                                                                                         75013-0949
Trans Union                                                                       P.O. Box 1000, Chester, PA
                               www.transunion.com            1-800-916-8800
                                                                                            19022

Because we take this incident seriously and are committed to assuring the security of your data, we are
also offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product
helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with superior identity
protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50
leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID on any key
changes in your credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical
collections and changes to public records.

ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and resolve
potential identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign a dedicated
U.S.-based Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
from start to finish for seamless service.

We realize that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer added
protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud
Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.

                    Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

     Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
     Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries,
      newly opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax®
      and TransUnion® credit reports.
     Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
      dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the
      fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
     ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud
      Resolution Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
     $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered
      by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages,
      private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.


                          Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
        1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: December 31, 2013
        2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site: http.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 877-371-7902 to
           enroll
        3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
contact Experian’s customer care team at 877-371-7902.

For further information and assistance, please contact our Privacy Coordinator, at 855-327-1712 between the
hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m., Eastern Standard Time.

Copies of this notice have been provided to Equifax, Transunion and Experian.
