                                                                                             February 17, 2015

           Return Mail Processing Center
           P.O. Box 265
           Claysburg, PA 16625


           ##A8240-L01-0123456 0001 00000001 **************3-DIGIT 123
           SAMPLE A SAMPLE
           APT ABC
           123 ANY ST
           ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
           TTFDDATDAADTAAAFAATFFDDTFTAAFTAFAAFFFFDTDADTTTADTATATDADFDFFDFTFD




   RE: Important Security and Protection Notification
   Please read this entire letter.

Dear Sample A Sample:
We are contacting you about a data security incident that occurred at BulkReefSupply.com ("BRS"). While the
investigation is ongoing, it has been determined that the security of some data for some customers who logged
into the website from July 30, 2014 until January 30, 2015 may have been compromised. The outside cyber
hacker intrusion was initially discovered on January 21, 2015 and the data compromise was contained and
corrected on January 22, 2015. Further corrective action occurred on January 30th. This incident involved some
customer’s name, address, telephone number, email address/user name, password and credit card information.
The information DID NOT include SSN, personal health information or Fed ID. As a result, some customer's
personal information may have been potentially exposed to others. Please be assured that we have taken every
step necessary to address the incident, and that we are committed to fully protecting all of the information that
you have entrusted to us.
As soon as BRS discovered this potential issue, a forensic expert company was retained and the intrusion was
isolated and stopped. Forensic analysis was performed and it was confirmed that the problem was corrected.
Besides immediately securing the site and information in question, BRS added additional protections to the
locations of the personal information and put monitoring measures in place to insure this attack has been stopped
and will not occur in the future. BRS is confident that the risk of any potential future or ongoing breach has been
mitigated. BRS has also notified law enforcement and provided it with all the information about this intrusion.
What we are doing to protect your information:                                                                         0123456


To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s®
             ®
ProtectMyID Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you
with superior identity protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.
                                                               (OVER PLEASE)



                                                                                                                      A8240-L01
                            Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1.   ENSURE That You Enroll By: May 31, 2015 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.   VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/alert
3.   PROVIDE Your Activation Code: ABCDEFGHIJKL
If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call (877) 297-7780 and provide
Engagement #: PC99999.
Additional details regarding your 12-MONTH ProtectMyID Membership:
A credit card is not required for enrollment.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
    ¨ Free copy of your Experian credit report
    ¨ Surveillance Alerts for:
             o Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your
                  Experian credit report.
    ¨ Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
         and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
         from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
         grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
         with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
             o It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
                  added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level
                  of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
    ¨ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
         investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate
or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your
credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer
care team at 877-297-7780.
What you can do to protect your information: There are additional actions you can consider taking to reduce
the chances of identity theft or fraud on your account(s). Please refer to the final page of this letter.
You should also change your BRS account password for additional protection.
We sincerely apologize for this incident, regret any inconvenience it may cause you and encourage you to take
advantage of the product outlined herein. Should you have questions or concerns regarding this matter and/or the
protections available to you, please do not hesitate to contact us at 763-432-9691 or go to
www.bulkreefsupply.com
Sincerely,


Andrew Duneman
President
BulkReefSupply.com.
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the
actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.


                                                                                                                                                    A8240-L01
     ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO HELP REDUCE YOUR CHANCES OF IDENTITY THEFT
Þ   PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
An initial 90-day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you are a
victim of fraud. When you or someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name, increase the
credit limit on an existing account, or obtain a new card on an existing account, the lender should take steps
to verify that you have authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify this, the request should not be
satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting companies below for assistance.
             Equifax                           Experian                           TransUnion

         1-800-525-6285                    1-888-397-3742                      1-800-680-7289
        www.equifax.com                   www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com
Þ   PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
If you are very concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might be right for
you. Placing a freeze on your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing your credit report
entirely, which will prevent them from extending credit. With a security freeze in place, you will be required to
take special steps when you wish to apply for any type of credit. This process is also completed through each
of the credit reporting companies.
Þ   ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS
Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228.
Once you receive your credit reports, review them for discrepancies. Identify any accounts you did not open
or inquiries from creditors that you did not authorize. Verify all information is correct. If you have questions or
notice incorrect information, contact the credit reporting company.
Þ   MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are sharing your
personal information with and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive information.
Þ   USE TOOLS FROM CREDIT PROVIDERS
Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive and
create alerts on credit cards and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover unauthorized or
suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, file an identity theft report with your local
police and contact a credit reporting company.
Þ   OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT
    YOURSELF
    ·   Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html for general information
        regarding protecting your identity.
    ·   The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338;
        TTY: 1-866-653-4261. They also provide information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.




                                                                                                                       0123456




                                                                                                                      A8240-L01
