                                                                                       June 26, 2014

          ##A1640-L01-0123456 **************3-DIGIT 159
          SAMPLE A SAMPLE
          APT ABC
          123 ANY ST
          ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
          TTFDDATDAADTAAAFAATFFDDTFTAAFTAFAAFFFFDTDADTTTADTATATDADFDFFDFTFD




Dear Sample A Sample:
We are writing to notify you of an incident that may affect the security of your personal information. Butler
University is providing this notice to ensure that you are aware of the incident and so that you may take
steps to monitor and safeguard your identity, financial accounts, and credit report, should you feel it is
appropriate to do so.
On May 28, 2014, Butler University was contacted by California law enforcement and alerted to an identity
theft investigation in which the suspect had in his possession a flash drive containing the personal
information of certain Butler University employees. Upon learning of this, Butler University immediately
notified the affected employees and launched an internal investigation. This investigation revealed that this
personal information could have originated from unauthorized hacking into Butler University’s computer
network between November 2013 and May 2014. Third-party computer forensics experts were retained by
Butler University to confirm these findings and to identify the full extent of data potentially exposed as a
result of this incident. While these investigations are ongoing, we have determined that files containing
your name, Social Security number, driver's license number, and bank account information were accessible
to the hacker(s) during this time period.
Butler University takes this matter, and the security of personal information entrusted to it, very seriously.
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership to Experian’s®
ProtectMyID® Alert. This service helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides
you with superior identity protection support that is focused on immediate identification and resolution of
identity theft.
Activate ProtectMyID now in three easy steps:
1. ENSURE that you enroll by: September 30, 2014 (your code will not work after this date)
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID website to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3. PROVIDE your activation code: ABCDEFGHIJKL                                                                         0123456



If you need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 866-271-3084 and provide engagement #:
PC86018.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
   · Free copy of your Experian credit report
   · Surveillance alerts for daily bureau credit monitoring and alerts of key changes and suspicious
       activity found on your Experian, Equifax,® and TransUnion® credit reports.
                                                              (OVER PLEASE)
                                                                                                                 A1640-L01
       ·    Identity theft resolution: Toll-free access to U.S.-based customer care and a dedicated Identity
            Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution from start to
            finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
            grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit, and medical insurance
            cards; assist with freezing credit files; and contact government agencies.
       ·    ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even
            years after a data breach. To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which
            provides you with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your
            ProtectMyID membership has expired.
       ·    $1 million identity theft insurance1: Immediately covers certain costs including: lost wages,
            private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers                    .




To further protect against possible identity theft, fraud, or other financial loss, Butler University
encourages you to remain vigilant, to review your account statements, and to monitor your credit
reports for suspicious activity. Under U.S. law, you are entitled to one (1) free credit report annually
from each of the three major credit reporting bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free, 877-322-8228. You may also contact the three major
credit bureaus directly to request a free copy of your credit report.
At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your file that alerts
creditors to take additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name. Note,
however, that because a fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may
also delay your ability to obtain credit while the agency verifies your identity. As soon as one credit
bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts on your file. Should you
wish to place a fraud alert, or should you have any questions regarding your credit report, please
contact any of the agencies listed below. Information regarding security freezes is also available from
these agencies.
Equifax                                        Experian                                     TransUnion
P.O. Box 105069                                P.O. Box 2002                                P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                              Allen, TX 75013                              Chester, PA 19022-2000
800-525-6285                                   888-397-3742                                 800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                                www.experian.com                             www.transunion.com

You can further educate yourself regarding identity theft, security freezes, and ways to protect
yourself by contacting your state Attorney General or the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Instances
of known or suspected identity theft should be reported to law enforcement, your state’s Attorney
General, and/or the FTC.


1   Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG . The description herein is a

summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies

described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in

all jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                                     A1640-L01
The Federal Trade Commission can be reached at:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20580
877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338); TTY: 866-653-4261
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/
The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been
misused to file a complaint with them, and information regarding fraud alerts and security freezes may
also be obtained from the Federal Trade Commission.
The University has established a confidential assistance line to address any questions or concerns you
may have regarding the incident or the contents of this letter. This line is staffed by professionals trained
in identity protection and restoration who are familiar with this specific incident. This confidential
assistance line operates Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. EST, and can be reached by
calling 888-414-8021. The reference number for this incident is 8867061014.
We apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this incident may have caused you. Please know
that we are taking steps that will prevent this from happening again in the future, and that the safety
and security of your personal information remains a top priority for Butler University.
Sincerely,




Jim Danko
President




                                                                                                                      0123456




                                                                                                                A1640-L01
