                               California Virtual Academies
                               50 Moreland Road, Simi Valley, CA 93065
                                   Cava.k12.com – (866) 339-6787

                                        NOTICE OF DATA BREACH

January 13, 2016

[First Name][MI][Last Name]
[Street Address]
[City][State][Zip]

Dear Employee,

California Virtual Academies (“CAVA”) recently learned of an incident that might affect the security of
your personal information. In this letter CAVA is providing you with information about the incident,
informing you of what CAVA has done after discovering the incident, and informing you of actions that
you can take to protect against identity theft and fraud.

WHAT HAPPENED? On  December  9,  2015,  a  data  security  researcher  notified  California  Virtual 
Academies (CAVA) of a vulnerability in a data storage system.  CAVA, with support from its education and 
technology services provider, K12 Inc., identified the vulnerability and secured the data within hours of 
the initial notification. The information that was accessed was not on servers owned or operated by K12 
Inc. or the CAVA schools. 

WHAT HAS CAVA DONE? CAVA has taken proactive steps with its vendor to tighten security, and 
run additional security checks.  A third party firm conducted an assessment of this vulnerability, and a 
forensic analysis to determine any unauthorized access. Based on the results of this assessment, CAVA 
believes that unauthorized access was limited to the data security researcher who flagged the issue for 
the schools.  CAVA does not believe any information was further compromised and is notifying affected 
parties. CAVA is grateful to the security researcher who first notified the schools of the vulnerability. 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? We encourage you to check your personal accounts for any irregular activity, to
report any irregular activity to the authorities, and to change security settings for your data accessible online.
You can also access the information on credit and identity protection provided. If you have any questions
about this incident, you can call CAVA at (805)581-0202, Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM.


Sincerely,


Katrina Abston
Senior Head of Schools
California Virtual Academies




                                 PRIVACY SAFEGUARD INFORMATION
 


 
 

Please know that we are taking the necessary steps to ensure that an event like this does not occur again.
However, as a precaution, we are offering you free identity theft protection services through ProtectMyID
for twelve (12) months. These services will include: 12 months of credit monitoring, an insurance
reimbursement policy, educational materials and access to ProtectMyID’s fraud resolution representatives.
These services should help you resolve issues if your identity is compromised. Instructions for accessing
your ProtecyMyID account will come in a separate document.

Because your social security number may have been involved in this incident, we recommend that you
consider taking the following additional steps.

Additionally, because your social security number may have been involved in this incident, we recommend
that you consider placing a fraud alert on your credit files by calling just one of the three credit reporting
agencies at the numbers listed below:

     Experian 1-888-397-3742             Equifax 1-800-525-6285            TransUnion 1-800-680-7289

A fraud alert requires potential creditors to use what the law refers to as “reasonable policies and
procedures” to verify your identity before issuing credit in your name. A fraud alert lasts for 90 days. Just
call one of the three credit reporting agencies at the number below. This will let you automatically place an
alert with all of the agencies. You will receive letters from all three agencies to confirm the fraud alert and
let you know how to get a free copy of your credit report from each.

However, be aware that while a fraud alert can protect you, it may also delay your ability to obtain credit.
When you receive your credit reports, please look them over carefully. Please look for accounts that you
did not open. Please look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And, please look for personal
information, such as home address or social security number, which is not accurate.

If you see anything that you do not understand, then please call that credit reporting agency at the telephone
number on the report. If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, then please call your local
police or sheriff’s office and file a report of identity theft. Then, please obtain a copy of that report because
you may need to give copies of the report to your creditor to clear your record.

Even if you do not find signs of fraud on your reports, we recommend that you check your credit reports
periodically. You can keep the fraud alert in place by calling again after 90 days.

For more information on identity theft, we suggest that you visit the California Office of Privacy
Protection’s website at www.privacy.ca.gov or the Federal Trade Commission’s website at
www.consumer.gov/idtheft. Please keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems
with your credit.




 
