                                   State of California—Health and Human Services Agency
                                  California Department of Public Health

 RON CHAPMAN, MD, MPH                                                                       EDMUND G. BROWN JR.
Director & State Health Officer                                                                  Governor




             September 26, 2013


             Name
             Address
             City, State, Zip Code


             Dear Name:

             We are writing to you because the California Department of Public Health, Center for
             Family Health, Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Program experienced a security
             incident involving your personal and medical information.

             On August 20, 2013, a contracted Madera County WIC employee mistakenly gave WIC
             paper records about you to another participant. Upon discovering the mistake, the
             participant immediately notified the Madera County WIC office and returned your
             records.

             The information was limited to your name and medical information (in the form of the
             expected date of delivery of your child), and did not contain any other medical or
             personal information, such as a Social Security number, Driver's License number, or
             financial account numbers which could expose you to identity theft. Nonetheless, we
             felt it necessary to inform you since your personal information was involved.

             Please keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your
             medical records. You may also request a copy of your medical records from your
             facility, to serve as a baseline. For additional information about your medical privacy
             rights, you may visit the Web site of the California Department of Justice’s Privacy
             Enforcement and Protection Unit at: www.privacy.ca.gov.

             Please accept our deepest apology for any inconvenience this situation may cause you.
             We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you we are reviewing and
             revising our procedures and practices to minimize the risk of recurrence.
Name
September 26, 2013
Page 2


Should you need any further information regarding this incident, please contact
Ilse Arrambide, Madera County WIC Program Director at (559) 675-7623.

Sincerely,




Mark S. Meis, Ph.D.
Chief, Program and Business Integrity Section II
California Department of Public Health
