STATE OF CALIFORNIA — DEPARTMENT OF STATE HOSPITALS                                EDMUND G. BROWN JR., GOVERNOR

LEGAL OFFICE
1600 Ninth Street, Suite 433
Sacramento, CA 95814




          Date



          Name
          Address
          Address

                         Re: Disclosure of Your Social Security Number

          Dear ____________:

          We are writing to you because of a recent security incident at the Department of State
          Hospitals (“DSH”) – Patton.

          DSH discovered that an employee roster containing confidential personal information
          was placed on the Patton State Hospital intranet website by mistake. The personal
          information was the first name, middle initial and last name, social security number,
          DSH position number and title, and Bargaining Unit of DSH-Patton employees, including
          you. This was on the intranet website for approximately 6 hours on May 8, 2013 until
          the mistake was discovered and corrected.

          DSH reviewed a log showing who accessed the web page. Only a small number of
          employees, not otherwise authorized to access this information, saw this information.
          After interviewing the employees, DSH believes it is unlikely that any further disclosure
          of confidential data has occurred, but that possibility exists.

          To protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft, we recommend that you place a
          fraud alert on your credit files by following the recommended privacy protection steps
          outlined in the enclosure.

          For more information on identity theft, you may visit the Web site of the California Office
          of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

          We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you that we are reviewing and
          revising our procedures and practices to minimize the risk of recurrence. Should you
          need any further information about this incident, please contact Mary Black, Privacy
          Officer, at (916) 651-6091.

          Sincerely,
Mary Black, Privacy Officer
Legal Office
Department of State Hospitals - Sacramento

Enclosure (Security Breach – First Steps)
