Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336                                                            IMPORTANT INFORMATION
<<mail id>>                                                                        PLEASE READ CAREFULLY

<<First Name>><<Last Name>>
<<Address 1>>
<<Address 2>>
<<City>>, <<State>><<ZIP>>
	<<DATE>>




Dear <<First Name>><<Last Name>>:

The security and privacy of the personal information you provide to California State University, East Bay, is of
utmost importance to us. Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving the disclosure of some
of that information.

On August 11, 2014, the University discovered that unauthorized access to your personal information occurred on
August 23, 2013. Upon discovery of the incident, we immediately commenced an internal investigation. Based on
our findings to date, the University has learned that an unknown third-party broke into a University web server using
an overseas IP address and a software tool designed to secretly access information on the server. The particular
campus server affected was used to store various employment transaction records and some extended learning
course information. The malicious files have been removed from the server and vulnerabilities have been mitigated.

Since completing the forensic investigation, we have devoted considerable time and effort to determine what exact
information may have been on the affected device. We can confirm that the malicious software tool allowed the
unauthorized individual to copy a data file containing your full name, address, Social Security number and date of
birth. No financial, banking, academic, or medical information was included in the data file.

We deeply regret that this incident has occurred. To date, we are not aware of any reports of identity fraud resulting
from this incident nor do we have any evidence to suggest that your personal information has actually been misused.
The University, however, wanted to make you aware that your personal information may be in the possession of an
unauthorized individual and explain the steps we are taking to safeguard you against identity fraud and suggest steps
that you should take as well.

Enclosed you will find instructions on enrolling in a complimentary 12-month credit monitoring service along with
other precautionary measures you can take to protect your personal information, including placing a Fraud Alert and/
or Security Freeze, and obtaining a free credit report. Additionally, you should always remain vigilant in reviewing
your financial account statements for fraudulent or irregular activity on a regular basis.

California State University, East Bay has taken immediate steps to reevaluate our information security practices
to help prevent similar incidents in the future. If you have any further questions regarding this incident, please
call our toll-free number we have set up to respond to questions at (888) 738-3759. The call center is available
Monday through Friday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time.

Sincerely,




Brad Wells
Vice President, Administration and Finance
and Chief Financial Officer

M6031 v.01 09.03.2014
                                                                   INSTRUCTIONS

1.	 Enrolling in Complimentary 12-Month Credit Monitoring.

Protecting your personal information is important to California State University, East Bay. In response to this
incident and as a precautionary measure, we have arranged for you to enroll in Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert for
a one year period at our expense. This protection is provided by Experian, one of the three major nationwide credit
reporting companies.

Activate Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Now in Three Easy Steps:

            1.	 ENSURE that you enroll by December 5, 2014.
            2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
            3.	 PROVIDE your 9-character Activation Code: <XXXXXXXXX>

            If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call (877) 371-7902 and provide
            Engagement # PC88540.

Additional Details Regarding Your 12-Month ProtectMyID Membership:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

      Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
      ▪▪ Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ▪▪ Surveillance Alerts for:
         ◦◦ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your Experian,
             Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ▪▪ Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
         and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
         from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
         grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
         with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
         ◦◦ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a breach. To offer added
             protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud
             Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ▪▪ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
         investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers. (Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company
            subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms,
            conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage
            may not be available in all jurisdictions.)

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at (877) 371-7902.

2.	 Placing a 90-Day Fraud Alert on Your Credit File.

Whether or not you choose to use the complimentary 12-month credit monitoring services, we recommend that you
place an initial 90-day “Fraud Alert” on your credit files. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you personally before
they open any new accounts in your name, increase the credit limit on an existing account, or provide a new card on
an existing account. To place a fraud alert, call any one of the three major credit bureaus at the numbers listed below.
As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, they will notify the others.

                   TransUnion                                Experian                                    Equifax
                   Consumer Fraud Division                   Consumer Fraud Division                     Consumer Fraud Division
                   PO Box 6790                               PO Box 9554                                 PO Box 740256
                   Fullerton, CA 92834-6790                  Allen, TX 75013                             Atlanta, GA 30374-0256
                   www.transunion.com                        www.experian.com                            www.equifax.com
                   1-800-680-7289                            1-888-397-3742                              1-800-525-6285



M6032 v.01 09.03.2014
3.	 Consider Placing a Security Freeze on Your Credit File.

In addition, you may request a “Security Freeze” be placed on your credit file. A security freeze prohibits, with
certain specific exceptions, the consumer reporting agencies from releasing your credit report or any information from
it without your express authorization. You may place a security freeze on your credit report by sending a request in
writing, by mail, to all three nationwide credit reporting companies.

4.	 Obtaining a Free Credit Report.

Under federal law, you are entitled to one free credit report every 12 months from each of the above three
major nationwide credit reporting companies. Call 1-877-322-8228 or request your free credit report online at
www.annualcreditreport.com.

Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your initial credit reports, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
recommends that you check your credit reports periodically. Checking your credit report periodically can help you
spot problems and address them quickly.

If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or have reason to believe your information is being misused, call
your local law enforcement agency and file a police report. Be sure to obtain a copy of the police report, as many
creditors will want the information it contains to absolve you of the fraudulent debts. You may also file a complaint
with the FTC by contacting them on the web at www.ftc.gov/idtheft, by phone at 1-877-IDTHEFT (1-877-438-4338),
or by mail at Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington,
DC 20580. Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible
to law enforcement for their investigations. In addition, you may obtain information from the FTC about fraud alerts
and security freezes.

5.	 Additional Resources.

California Office of Privacy Protection: www.privacy.ca.gov/consumers/identity_theft.shtml

Social Security Office: www.ssa.gov/pubs/10064.html




M6033 v.01 09.03.2014
