      COMPUTER AND TECHNOLOGY CRIME
         HIGH-TECH RESPONSE TEAM


            C.A.T.C.H.                                                          State of California
                                                                         DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
330 WEST BROADWAY, SUITE 700                                                                     P.O. BOX 944255
SAN DIEGO, CA 92101                                                                    SACRAMENTO, CA 94244-2550


                                                     DATE

       Dear Sir/Madam,

              This letter is to inform you of an incident that involved unauthorized access to your
       personal information.

               In November 2011, hackers affiliated with the group Anonymous accessed and released
       private email accounts belonging to a retired agent for the Department of Justice who was a
       member of the Computer and Technology Crime High-Tech Response Team (CATCH).
       CATCH is a multi-agency task force that was formed to apprehend and prosecute criminals who
       use technology to prey on the citizens of San Diego, Imperial Valley, and Riverside Counties.
       Some of emails that the hackers released included data that contained your personal information
       including, but not limited to, your name, address, date of birth, and Social Security number
       (SSN).

              We have no reason to believe that your information was specifically targeted since
       Anonymous released the information as part of their ongoing protest against the U.S.
       Government and law enforcement agencies. Nevertheless, we wanted to inform you of this
       incident and provide you with some preventative measures you can take to protect yourself from
       becoming a possible victim of identity theft.

               Because your Social Security number was involved, we recommend that you place a
       fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert requires potential creditors to use what the law
       refers to as “reasonable policies and procedures” to verify your identity before issuing credit in
       your name. A fraud alert lasts for 90 days. Just call one of the three credit reporting agencies at
       a number below. This will let you automatically place an alert with all of the agencies. You will
       receive letters from all three, confirming the fraud alert and letting you know how to get a free
       copy of your credit report from each.

           Experian 1-888-397-3742        Equifax 1-800-525-6285        TransUnion 1-800-680-7289

               Once you place a fraud alert on your credit files, we recommend you follow the steps
       outlined in the enclosed Privacy Protection Recommendations. For more information on identity
       theft, you may also visit the web site of the California Office of Privacy Protection at
       www.privacy.ca.gov.

               We sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern this event may have caused you, and
       we urge you to consider following the steps we have provided to help protect yourself from the
       possibility of identity theft. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this letter, you may
       call (916) 324-0349 or send an email to ecrimeunit@doj.ca.gov. You may also submit any
       inquiries to the eCrime Unit at P.O. Box 944255, Sacramento, CA 94244-2550.

       Enclosure
