[Date]

SUBJECT: SECURITY INCIDENT NOTIFICATION

Dear IHSS Provider:

We are writing to inform you of a security incident involving your personal information relating to
the In Home Supportive Services program (IHSS). A package containing your personal
information was in transit between the Hewlett Packard (HP) processing center and the State
Compensation Insurance Fund (SCIF). On May 1, 2012, the package arrived, was noted as
damaged, and some of the contents were determined missing. The State is continuing to work
with HP and the SCIF to recover the information, but, to date, it has not been recovered.

The Department has determined that the package contained scanned document images
including one or more of the following pieces of your personal information:



                  number




Because of the type of personal information involved, we recommend you consider taking the
precautionary measures listed below. We have advised the California Attorney General’s Office
and the State Office of Privacy Protection about this incident.

RECOMMENDED PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES:

1) Place a Fraud alert and check your credit reports. You may place a fraud alert on your credit
files and order a copy of your credit reports, at no cost to you,by following the steps outlined in
the Privacy Protection Recommendations document that you received with this letter.

2) Continue to monitor your credit reports. Check your credit reports, financial accounts and
periodically for identity theft. Should you find suspicious activity on your credit reports, follow the
steps outlined in the enclosure.

3) Keep a copy of this notice for your records. It is important for you to know that the personal
information potentially exposed is limited to that previously described.

These are the numbers of the major credit bureaus:

Trans Union -1-800-680-7289
Experian -1-888-397-3742
Equifax - 1-800-525-6285
For additional information, including answers to common questions and status updates about
the missing information, please visit the web site www.CDSS.ca.gov. If your questions are still
not answered, you may call the Department of Social Services at (888-362-8947).

For additional privacy protection recommendations, please visit the web site of the California
Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

Again, we regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you that we are reviewing the
circumstances that caused this incident. We will continue to work with our business partners to
minimize future risks.

Sincerely,


WILL LIGHTBOURNE
Director
Enclosure
