    [Return Address]
    [Date]




    [Insert Recipient’s Name]
    [Insert Address]
    [Insert City, State, Zip]

    RE: Notice of Data Breach
       Important Security and Protection Notification
       Please read this entire letter.

Dear [Insert employee name]:

We are writing to let you know about a potential data security incident, which occurred on February 9,
2016.

What Happened

A Calpine employee’s laptop, which contained confidential employee information, was stolen from a car.
We learned from law enforcement that the car that was broken into is one of several cars broken into on
the same day, in the same general vicinity. We believe that the theft was likely conducted by someone
interested in the value of hardware stolen as opposed to information or files on the computer. In addition,
the computer was password protected and contained software that would cause the computer to be
immediately wiped if the unauthorized user connected to the Internet. Also, the financial information on
the laptop was maintained in a format that would make it difficult for a bad actor to exploit.

For these reasons, we believe that it is unlikely that your information will be misused and, at this time, we
have no evidence to suggest that any misuse has occurred as a result of this incident. However, in order
to prevent and detect misuse of your information, we strongly encourage you to take the preventative
measures outlined in this letter.

What Information Was Involved

The information contained on the laptop may have included your name, Social Security Number, bank
account and routing number, payroll direct deposit net pay amount, and 401k deduction amount.
However, as mentioned, based on the circumstances surrounding the crime and technical controls on the
computer on which the information resided, we believe it is unlikely that the information will be accessed
or misused.

What We Are Doing

We are notifying you so that you can take immediate action to protect yourself. We take the protection of
your information very seriously, and we apologize for what occurred here. As soon as this incident was
discovered, law enforcement was immediately notified. We are conducting a thorough review of the
potentially affected records and are implementing additional security measures, internal controls, and
safeguards and are making changes to existing policies and procedures designed to prevent a similar
occurrence from happening again. Please notify us at your earliest convenience by sending an email to
datasecurityquestions@calpine.com, if you become aware of any misuse of your personal information.

To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s®
ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and
provides you with superior identity protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution
of identity theft.

What You Can Do

                            Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: [date] (Your code will not work after this date.)
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/alert
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call (877) 297-7780 and provide
engagement #: [engagement number].

Additional details regarding your 12-MONTH ProtectMyID Membership:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

       Free copy of your Experian credit report
       Surveillance Alerts for:
            o Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on
                 your Experian credit report.
       Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based
        customer care and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the
        process of fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each
        incident; help with contacting credit grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including
        credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist with freezing credit files; contact government
        agencies.
            o It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach.
                 To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the
                 same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership
                 has expired.
       $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages,
        private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
contact Experian’s customer care team at 877-297-7780.
For More Information

There are additional actions you can consider taking to reduce the chances of identity theft or fraud on
your account(s). We have also provided resources where you can obtain additional information about
identity theft and ways to protect yourself. Please refer to the final page of this letter for this information.


We sincerely apologize for this incident, regret any inconvenience it may cause you, and encourage you
to take advantage of the product outlined herein. Should you have questions or concerns regarding this
matter and/or the protections available to you, please do not hesitate to call (877) 297-7780.

Sincerely,


Hether Benjamin Brown
Sr. Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer




  * Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG . The
  description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all
  terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms,
        conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO HELP REDUCE YOUR CHANCES OF IDENTITY THEFT


   PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
  An initial 90 day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you
  are a victim of fraud. When you or someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name,
  increase the credit limit on an existing account, or obtain a new card on an existing account, the
  lender should takes steps to verify that you have authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify
  this, the request should not be satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting companies
  below for assistance.

              Equifax                            Experian                         TransUnion
           1-800-525-6285                     1-888-397-3742                    1-800-680-7289
          www.equifax.com                    www.experian.com                  www.transunion.com

   PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
  If you are very concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might
  be right for you. Placing a freeze on your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing
  your credit report entirely, which will prevent them from extending credit. With a Security Freeze in
  place, you will be required to take special steps when you wish to apply for any type of credit. This
  process is also completed through each of the credit reporting companies.

   ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS
  Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228.
  Once you receive your credit reports, review them for discrepancies. Identify any accounts you did
  not open or inquiries from creditors that you did not authorize. Verify all information is correct. If
  you have questions or notice incorrect information, contact the credit reporting company.

   MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are
  sharing your personal information with and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive
  information.

  We recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from
  your insurer. If you see any service that you believe you did not receive, please contact your insurer at
  the number on the statement. If you do not receive regular explanation of benefits statements, contact
  your provider and request them to send such statements following the provision of services in your
  name or number.

  You may want to order copies of your credit reports and check for any medical bills that you do not
  recognize. If you find anything suspicious, call the credit reporting agency at the phone number on
  the report. Keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical
  records. You may also want to request a copy of your medical records from your provider, to serve as
  a baseline. If you are a California resident, we suggest that you visit the web site of the California
  Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov to find more information about your medical
  privacy.
 USE TOOLS FROM CREDIT PROVIDERS
Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive
and create alerts on credit cards and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover
unauthorized or suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, file an identity theft
report with your local police and contact a credit reporting company.

 OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO
  PROTECT YOURSELF

We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit
reports, and promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper
law enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general and/or the
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to
obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.


    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338),
    www.ftc.gov/idtheft

    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding
    identity theft from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General:

            Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
            200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us

    For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.

    For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and
    avoiding identity theft from the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:

            North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
            9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM,
            www.ncdoj.gov

    Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html       for   general
    information regarding protecting your identity.
