	  


                  Rosenthal Wine Shop – Legal Notice of Potential Security Incident

We recently learned that unauthorized individuals or entities installed malicious software on computer
systems used to process credit card transactions at the Rosenthal wine shop. The incident may have
compromised payment card data of visitors that made payment card purchases at the wine shop tasting
room including name, address, payment card account number, card expiration date and security code.
While we do not know whether a particular customer’s personal information has been or will be misused,
as a precaution we are providing this notice to tell customers about the incident and call their attention to
some steps they may take to help protect themselves.

We value our relationship with our customers and sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern this
incident may cause. Keeping personal information secure is of the utmost importance to us, and we are
taking active steps to help prevent this type of incident from reoccurring. On January 23, 2014, we
contained the incident by installing an advanced malware protection and eradication system, and by
reformatting the systems at issue.

We want to make customers aware of steps they can take to guard against identity theft or fraud. At this
time, we recommend that customers review their credit and debit card account statements as soon as
possible in order to determine if there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. Customers should
continue to monitor their statements for unusual activity going forward. If they see anything they do not
understand or that looks suspicious, or if they suspect that any fraudulent transactions have taken place,
they should call the bank that issued their credit or debit card immediately.

In addition, to help protect our customers’ identities, we are offering a complimentary one-year
membership of Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your
personal information and provides you with identity protection services focused on immediate
identification and resolution of identity theft. We recommend that customers carefully check their credit
reports for accounts they did not open or for inquiries from creditors they did not initiate. They should
also look for personal information in their credit reports, such as home address, that is not accurate. If
they see anything they do not understand, they should call the credit agency immediately. If they find any
suspicious activity on their credit reports, they should call their local police or sheriff's office.

If customers affected by this incident wish to enroll for Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert services or have
any questions or concerns, they may call us at (310) 899-8903. Again, we are sorry for any
inconvenience or concern this event may cause customers.




	  
