Media Contact: Sally Stewart
Telephone: 310-248-6566
Email: sally.stewart@cshs.org

cedars-sinai.edu

Cedars-Sinai Health System Issues Notice of Data Incident
LOS ANGELES (Aug. 22, 2014) – Although there is no indication of any actual or attempted unauthorized
access to health information, Cedars-Sinai Health System will be notifying certain patients who have the
potential to be affected by the theft of a Cedars-Sinai-issued laptop computer that may have contained
some of their health information. There is no indication that the laptop contained complete medical or billing
records of any patient. Remote access from this laptop to the Cedars-Sinai computer network has been
terminated.

While the laptop was password-protected, it did not contain additional encryption software, a violation of
Cedars-Sinai policy. As a result, some information was potentially stored in temporary files on the laptop’s
hard drive at the time of the theft.

“Cedars-Sinai takes the security of our patients’ health information very seriously, and has multiple security
safeguards in place to protect health information,” said David Blake, Cedars-Sinai’s chief privacy officer.
“Even a potential data security incident on a single computer, as has occurred here, is not acceptable to us.
We apologize to the people affected by this incident, and have taken actions to prevent any re-occurrence.”
The laptop, which was used by the employee for troubleshooting software used for clinical laboratory
reporting, was stolen along with personal items of the employee in a June 23 burglary at the employee’s
home. (The employee’s duties included being available outside of normal business hours to troubleshoot
software problems as they occurred, which is why the laptop was at the home.) The employee immediately
notified Cedars-Sinai and the local police of the theft. The local police investigation is ongoing, no arrests
have been made, and the laptop has not been recovered.

Cedars-Sinai initiated a comprehensive investigation immediately after the laptop was reported stolen on
June 23. Cedars-Sinai retained independent experts in computer forensics to manually and electronically
review the files that may have been on the laptop at the time of the theft and to identify any Cedars-Sinai
patients whose information may have been stored on the stolen device. This investigation is ongoing.

Cedars-Sinai is mailing letters next week to those identified as being potentially affected by the incident.
Should the ongoing file review identify any additional individuals affected, Cedars-Sinai will notify them as
well.

The specific information potentially available on the laptop varied depending on the individual, but consisted
in general of some combination of medical record number, patient identification number, lab testing




                                                     (more)
2 | Page                                                                         Cedars-Sinai Media Contact: Sally Stewart
MISC - Data 08-22-14 (2)                                                  Tel. 310-248-6566 Email: sally.stewart@cshs.org

information, treatment information and diagnostic information. A small percentage of the files also
contained the patient’s Social Security number or other personal information.

In an abundance of caution, Cedars-Sinai’s letter recommends that the potentially affected patients
regularly review any Explanation of Benefits statement received from health insurance companies, and
contact the health insurance company if there are services listed that the individual has not
received. Cedars-Sinai is also recommending that all concerned individuals review account statements and
monitor credit reports for suspicious activity. Under U.S. law, individuals are entitled to one free credit
report annually from each of the three major credit reporting bureaus. Free credit reports can be ordered at
www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 1-877-322-8228. The three major credit bureaus can also be
contacted directly to request a free credit report: Equifax P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348-5069, 800-
525-6285, www.equifax.com; Experian P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 888-397-3742,
www.experian.com; TransUnion P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022, 800-680-7289, www.transunion.com.
For information about medical privacy rights, you may visit the website of the California Department of
Justice, Privacy Enforcement and Protection Unit at www.privacy.ca.gov.

Cedars-Sinai is providing a confidential assistance line for individuals seeking additional information
regarding this incident. The confidential assistance line operates is available at 877-218-2930 between 7
a.m. and 4 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday through Friday. (Callers should use reference number 3528081314
when calling the confidential assistance line.)


                                                          ###




VIDEOLINK ENABLED - Thanks to a new, state-of-the-art in-house studio, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center can now instantly
broadcast high-definition video directly to newsrooms around the world.
