   [Recipient Name]
   [Recipient Address 1]
   [Recipient Address 2]



January __, 2013

RE:    Your [Card Brand] card ending in [XXXX]

Dear _______________:

On approximately December 13, 2012, Centric Group, L.L.C. learned that certain [Card Brand] credit
card information that you provided to purchase items on our website (www.accesscatalog.com),
including name, credit or debit card number, expiration date and card verification code, may have been
accessed without authorization by a third party, beginning in August 2010.

We are sending you this letter as a cautionary measure, so that you can be proactive in monitoring your
credit card statements. Please review your credit card statements and contact your issuing financial
institution by calling the phone number printed on the back of your card in the event you find any
unauthorized transactions.

Centric Group sincerely regrets this incident, and has aggressively pursued a thorough and
comprehensive investigation. We have moved payment processes for this website to an alternate, more
secure environment. We are working with a forensic investigator to resolve the issue and we are
working with the payment card brands to monitor and help prevent unauthorized transactions. We also
have put in place other updated measures to prevent this from happening again.

We have set up a special hotline at 800-416-4601 which you can call between 9AM to 5PM (Central
Standard Time) for further information and assistance regarding this letter. Additionally, we have
included information on steps you can take to further protect your information on the back page of this
letter.

Centric Group takes this matter very seriously and deeply regrets any inconvenience or concern that this
matter may cause you.

Sincerely,

Centric Group, L.L.C.
                          Steps You Can Take To Further Protect Your Information

     Review Your Account Statements
As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you review your account statements and credit reports closely.
If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial institution or
company with which the account is maintained. You also should promptly report any fraudulent activity or any
suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, or the
Federal Trade Commission.

     Credit Report Monitoring
Because personal information such as addresses or Social Security Numbers were not involved, identity theft is
not a significant risk from this incident. However, as good practice, you may want to regularly monitor your credit
report. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the 3 major credit reporting agencies once
every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by completing
an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box
105281, Atlanta, GA 30348.                    You can print a copy of the request form at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/credit/rights/shtm. Or you can elect to purchase a copy of your credit
report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies shown below.

    Equifax                             Experian                             TransUnion
    (800) 685-1111                      (888) 397-3742                       (800) 916-8800
    www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                     www.transunion.com
    P.O. Box 740241                     535 Anton Blvd., Suite 100           P.O. Box 6790
    Atlanta, GA 30374                   Costa Mesa, CA 92626                 Fullerton, CA 92834


     Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft
You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity theft. For
more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Maryland
residents may also wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to avoid
identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.state.md.us, or calling
410-576-6491.

     Fraud Alert
You may consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. This fraud alert statement informs creditors of
possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any
accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit reporting
agencies identified above. Additional information is available at http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

      Security Freeze
In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new credit
from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the
freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without your
consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit.
Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee up to $10 to
place, lift, or remove the security freeze; however, this fee may be less in certain states (in MA, up to $5). In
order to place a security free, you may be required to provide the consumer reporting agency with information
that identifies you including your full name, Social Security number, date of birth, current and previous addresses,
a copy of your state-issued identification card, and a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement.
You must separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency.
