<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>                                              <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Re: Security Incident
Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
We are writing to tell you about a data security incident that may have exposed some of your personal information
as an employee of Central Concrete Supply Co., Inc., Right Away Redy Mix, Inc., or Rock Transport, Inc. We take
the protection and proper use of your information very seriously. This is why we are contacting you directly to let
you know how we are protecting you personally.
What Happened?
On February 24, 2016, we became aware of a data breach by which we believe a third party obtained access to
copies of your 2015 W-2 income and tax withholding statements. This information was stolen through a sophisticated
social engineering scheme in which an outside party posing as another person convinced an employee of Central
Concrete Supply to provide copies of the documents by email on February 23, 2016. The data was not obtained
through any breach of the Company’s information technology systems.
As soon as we became aware of the breach, the Company contacted law enforcement to pursue the wrongdoers.
The Company is actively cooperating with the FBI and other law enforcement authorities to address the matter.
What Information Was Involved?
The information involved in this incident included employer name, employee name, address, phone number, tax
identification number, social security number, and income information.
What Are We Doing to Protect You?
Central Concrete Supply values your service to the Company and deeply regrets that this incident occurred. We are
partnering with a leading third-party forensics firm to conduct a thorough investigation of the incident and to determine
additional measures we can take that would be designed to help prevent incidents of this kind in the future. Central
Concrete is aware of the increasing cybersecurity threats and has previously conducted phishing exercises with its
employees to train on preventing such attacks and has conducted a thorough review from a leading cybersecurity firm.
In light of the current incident, Central Concrete Supply has already implemented additional security measures designed
to prevent a recurrence of the breach, and to protect the privacy of Central Concrete Supply’s valued employees such
as yourself. These additional security measures include, but are not limited to adopting a policy of dual authentication
for any transfer of personally identifiable information, conducting additional phishing exercises, and increasing employee
cybersecurity training. We have also contacted leaders for the Teamsters Locals 315, 853, 287, Operating Engineers
Local 3, Machinists Locals 1101, 1546 regarding the Company’s proposal to address this situation and will continue to
discuss the response to this security incident and minimize any impact on the Company’s employees.
To minimize risk of tax fraud, we recommend that you file your tax return as soon as possible. Additionally,
you should complete Form 14039 (https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdf) and mail or fax to the IRS as
soon as possible.
To help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, Central Concrete Supply has secured the
services of Kroll to provide identity theft protection at no cost to you for one year. Kroll’s team has extensive
experience helping people who have sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential data.
                                                                                                                  974Y66-0216
Your identity theft protection services include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher, Public Persona, Quick Cash
Scan, $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Additional information
describing your services is included with this letter. This offer is entirely optional for you and offered as an added
measure to protect your personal information from misuse.

 Visit krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com to enroll and take advantage of your identity monitoring services.
 Membership Number: <<Member ID>>

To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-844-263-8605.
What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Call 1-866-775-4209, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s licensed investigators
are standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership
number ready.
There are actions you can take to mitigate the chances of fraud or identity theft. Attached to this letter is a list of
prudent and proactive steps you can take to reduce the risk to your personal information.
On behalf of Central Concrete Supply and U.S. Concrete, I want to sincerely express our apologies for this incident
and any inconvenience or concern this may have caused. If you have any further questions about the incident or
about your identity theft protection services, please contact the Company’s agent, Kroll, at 1-866-775-4209.
Sincerely,



Jeff Davis
Vice President, Central Concrete Supply
            PROACTIVE STEPS YOU SHOULD TAKE TO HELP PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
FILE YOUR TAX RETURN AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
The best way to avoid becoming a victim of tax refund fraud is to file your taxes before the fraudsters can. Therefore
file your tax return as soon as possible. Additionally, you should complete and mail or fax Form 14039 (available
at https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdf ) to the IRS as soon as possible. For further information, please see
https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Identity-Protection.
REMAIN VIGILANT FOR THE NEXT 12 TO 24 MONTHS.
Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. If you discover unauthorized
or suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, please call your local police immediately and file
an identity theft report and/or obtain a copy of a police report.
ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS.
To order your free annual credit reports, call toll-free 1-877-322-8228, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, or complete
the Annual Credit Report Request Form online and mail it to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281,
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. Hearing impaired consumers can access the TDD service at 1-800-821-7232. For your free
annual credit reports, do not contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies individually; they provide this
service only through www.annualcreditreport.com.
WHEN YOU RECEIVE YOUR CREDIT REPORTS, REVIEW THEM CAREFULLY.
Once you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Please look for accounts you did not open or inquiries from
creditors that you did not initiate. Verify that all the information is accurate. If you have questions or notice inaccurate
information, please call the relevant consumer reporting agency at the telephone number listed on the report.
PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE.
A fraud alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and lets creditors know to contact
you before they open any new accounts in your name or change your existing accounts. Contact any one of the three
major credit bureaus listed below to place a fraud alert on your credit file. An initial fraud alert is free and will stay on
your credit file for at least 90 days. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to
place fraud alerts. You may want to renew it after the first 90 days. If you have already filed an identity theft report
with your local police department, you should place an extended fraud alert on your credit file. This extended fraud
alert is a free service and is valid for 7 years.
Equifax	                          Experian	                         TransUnion
(800) 525-6285	                   (888) 397-3742	                   (800) 680-7289
www.equifax.com	                  www.experian.com 	                www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241	                  P.O. Box 4500	                    P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30374	                Allen, TX 75013	                  Chester, PA 19022
PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE.
You may wish to place a security freeze on your credit file. A security freeze generally will prevent creditors from
accessing your credit file at the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies without your consent. As a result,
using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a security
freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency.
Equifax Security Freeze	          Experian Security Freeze	         TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance
(800) 685-1111	                   (888) 397-3742	                   (800) 909-8872
www.equifax.com	                  www.experian.com 	                www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 105788	                  P.O. Box 9554	                    P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30348	                Allen, TX 75013	                  Fullerton, CA 92834
The following information must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit
report for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any
suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five
years; and (5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor
Vehicles. The request must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent
utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current
mailing address, and the date of issue.
The consumer reporting agencies may charge a reasonable fee to place a security freeze on your account. The
fee is waived if you are a victim of identity theft and have submitted a valid investigative or law enforcement report
or complaint relating to the identity theft incident to the credit reporting agencies. You must review your state’s
requirement(s) and/or credit bureau requirement(s) for the specific document(s) to be submitted.
LEARN MORE ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF.
The Federal Trade Commission has online guidance about the steps consumers can take to protect themselves
against identity theft. You can call 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-4261; write Identity Theft
Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580; or visit the
Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/idtheft to get more information. We also encourage you to report
suspected identity theft to the Federal Trade Commission. If you suspect you are the victim of identity theft, you also
have the right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it.
