CITI
P.O. Box 140969
Irving, TX 75104
                                                                Date

Bar Code
Consumer Name
Consumer Address
Consumer City, State, Zip Code


Dear

       This letter is to inform you of a matter involving your personal information.
You are receiving this letter because you are currently, or were previously, a party
in a bankruptcy proceeding involving a loan from Citi. Citi filed legal documents
in court related to that loan in which certain personally identifiable information
was, pursuant to court rules, intended to be concealed from the publicly available
versions of the documents to prevent access to that information by members of the
public who search electronic court records.

        Citi discovered that, because of limitations in the electronic methodology or
an imperfect manual process used to conceal such personal information, the
information could be exposed and read by a person who accessed court records.
 Citi is not aware of any instances in which this actually happened, or where this
personal information was misused, and we believe the risk of unauthorized access
or misuse for identity theft or other harmful purposes is low. In addition, Citi has
been able to substantially reduce the potential risk of misuse of the original court
filings by blocking access to these filings and substituting new filings with
permanently concealed personal information.




         Please read this letter carefully and in full as it contains information
                                 important to you.
       As a precaution, we have arranged for you, at your option, to enroll in a
credit monitoring service at no cost to you for one year. If relevant, you may also
be able to enroll in credit monitoring for anyone in your household who may have
been a co-obligor with you on a loan or credit agreement. To activate this
coverage, please call the toll-free number or visit the website listed below and
enter the following redemption code by [120 days from letter date]:

      Toll-Free Number:      XXX-XXX-XXXX
      Website:          www.identityguard.com/alert
      Redemption Code(s):    XXXXXXXXXXXXX

       Additionally, although we believe that the likelihood of unauthorized access
to and misuse of your personal information is low, we nonetheless recommend that
you remain vigilant and regularly review your account statements, credit card bills
and your credit report for any unauthorized activity. Promptly report incidents of
suspected identity theft or fraud to your local law enforcement agency, your state
Attorney General’s Office, the Federal Trade Commission, your financial
institution(s) and to one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies listed
below to have it removed from your credit file.

       You may contact the fraud departments of the three major credit
reporting agencies to discuss your options. You have the right to place a
free 90-day fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert lets creditors know
to contact you before opening new accounts. It also may delay your ability
to obtain credit. To place a fraud alert on your credit report contact the three
credit reporting agencies below. Please note, if you plan on signing up for
the complimentary service outlined above we recommend that you do not
place a fraud alert until after enrollment.



      Experian                Equifax                TransUnion
      (888) 397-3742          (877) 478-7625         (800) 680-7289
      P.O. Box 9532           P.O. Box 740241        P.O. Box 6790
      Allen, TX 75013         Atlanta, GA 30374-0241 Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
      www.experian.com        www.equifax.com        www.transunion.com

You can obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies by calling 1-877-322-8228 or
online at: www.annualcreditreport.com. Under federal law, you are entitled
to one free copy of your credit report every 12 months from each of the three
major credit reporting agencies. You may want to obtain copies of your
credit report to ensure the accuracy of the report information.
      To learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft and to
report incidents of identity theft, please contact the Federal Trade
Commission:



                           Federal Trade Commission
                        1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338)
                            Consumer Response Center
                          600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                              Washington, DC 20580
                   www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or www.ftc.gov/credit


   We regret this incident and can assure you that Citi has implemented new
procedures to prevent its recurrence. If we can be of further assistance to you or
provide you with any additional information, please do not hesitate to call us toll
free at 1-866-613-5636.



Sincerely,

Customer Service
