Citi Prepaid Services
P.O. Box 284
Conshohocken, PA 19428

<AdhocName1>
<AdhocAddress1>
<AdhocAddress2>
<AdhocCity> <AdhocState> <AdhocZip5>


June 27, 2013


Dear Cardholder:

On behalf of Citi Prepaid Services, I am writing to inform you about a recent incident that may
have involved your personal information. We recently discovered that a code change to our
prepaid cardholder website impacted the security features that we use to authenticate cardholders
logging into their accounts between June 2 and June 13. Based on our records, your online
account was accessed during that time. While we do not have evidence that it was accessed by
an individual other than you, we cannot confirm that fact.

Since discovering the issue, we remediated it. Based on our investigation we believe that no
unauthorized activity occurred on your prepaid account. We regret this incident occurred and
take very seriously the security of cardholder information. As your cardholder information is
viewable through the prepaid cardholder website and may include your prepaid card number or
checking or savings account number, we wanted to make you aware of the incident and provide
you with some steps that you can take to protect yourself against any potential misuse of your
information.

We have arranged enrollment for you, at your option, in a complimentary one-year credit
monitoring service. For more information on the credit monitoring service and for instructions
on how to enroll, please refer to the attachment included with this letter.

You should remain, as always, vigilant over the next twelve to twenty-four months for incidents
of fraud and identity theft. Guidelines for consumers are also provided in this letter.

Please know that we regret any inconvenience or concern this may cause you. Be assured that
Citi Prepaid Services maintains strong safeguards in place to protect the security of cardholder
information. Please do not hesitate to contact us at (888)742-9213 if you have any questions or
concerns.

                                                                   Sincerely,

                                                                   Citi Prepaid Services
BEST PRACTICES FOR PROTECTING YOURSELF FROM IDENTITY THEFT


Regularly review your account statements and monitor free credit reports. If you discover any
suspicious or unusual activity on your accounts or suspect identity theft or fraud, be sure to
report it immediately to your financial institutions. In addition, you may contact the Federal
Trade Commission (“FTC”) or law enforcement to report incidents of identity theft or to learn
about steps you can take to protect yourself from identity theft. To learn more, you can go to the
FTC’s Web site, at http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft/, or call the FTC, at (877) IDTHEFT (438-4338)
or write to Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW, Washington, DC 20580.

You may also periodically obtain credit reports from each nationwide credit reporting agency. If
you discover information on your credit report arising from a fraudulent transaction, you should
request that the credit reporting agency delete that information from your credit report file. In
addition, under federal law, you are entitled to one free copy of your credit report every 12
months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies. You may obtain a free copy
of your credit report by going to www.AnnualCreditReport.com or by calling (877) 322-8228.
You may contact the nationwide credit reporting agencies at:

Equifax                        Experian                       TransUnion
(800) 525-6285                 (888) 397-3742                 (800) 680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                P.O. Box 9532                  Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241         Allen, TX 75013                P.O. Box 6790
www.equifax.com                www.experian.com               Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                              www.transunion.com.

In addition, you may obtain additional information from the FTC and the credit reporting
agencies about fraud alerts and security freezes. For example, you can add a fraud alert to your
credit report file to help protect your credit information. A fraud alert can make it more difficult
for someone to get credit in your name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to
protect you, but it also may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may place a fraud alert in
your file by calling just one of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies listed above. As
soon as that agency processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two agencies, which then
must also place fraud alerts in your file. In addition, you may also contact the nationwide credit
reporting agencies regarding if and how you may place a security freeze on your credit report to
prohibit a credit reporting agency from releasing information from your credit report without
your prior written authorization.
                                   Attachment: Complimentary Credit Monitoring

In order for you to be able to help better protect yourself from identity theft, we have arranged for
you at your option to enroll in a free credit monitoring and identity theft protection service, ITAC
Sentinel® Plus, for the next 12 months.

To activate this coverage, simply call the toll-free number or visit the Web site listed below and enter
the redemption code (the redemption code can only be used one time by the individual addressed).

     Toll-Free: <AdhocVar1>
     Web Site: <AdhocVar2>
     Redemption Code: <AdhocVar3>

You will be asked to provide your:

         Mailing Address
         Phone Number
         Social Security Number
         Date of Birth
         E-mail Address

You will not be charged for this service; no method of payment will be collected during enrollment
and there is no need to cancel. If you wish to take advantage of this monitoring service, please enroll
within 90 days.

ITAC Sentinel Plus Information
ITAC Sentinel Plus provides monitoring and protection of not only credit data, but also monitors
Internet chat rooms and newsgroups and alerts you if your Social Security number, credit cards,
and bank account numbers are found in unsecure online locations. This program is provided by
Intersections Inc. (NASDAQ: INTX), a leading provider of consumer and corporate identity risk
management services.

ITAC Sentinel® Plus features include:
      3-Bureau Credit Report and Scores**
      3-Bureau Daily Monitoring with NOTIFY EXPRESS® Alerts
      3-Bureau Quarterly Credit Update
      ITAC Victim Assistance®
      Card Theft Protection
      Internet Surveillance
      Credit Education Specialists
      Up to $20,000 identity theft insurance with $0 deductible.*

                    ®
**The ITAC Sentinel Plus scores are provided specifically to consumers to help them understand their credit. Lenders use many
different credit scoring systems, and the ITAC Sentinel Plus scores are not the same scores used to evaluate your credit.


*Insurance underwritten by Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America and its property casualty affiliates, Hartford, CT
06183. Coverage for all claims or losses depends on actual policy provisions. Availability of coverage can depend on underwriting
qualifications and state regulations.
