Cogent Security
Patient Notification Template
FINAL 8.2.13
 
[Company Logo] 
[Return Address] 
[Date] 
 
[Recipient’s Name] 
[Address] 
[City, State, Zip] 
          Dear NAME,

        As the Privacy Officer of Cogent Healthcare, Inc., I am writing to inform you of an incident
involving some of your personal information. Please read this entire letter carefully because it contains
important information for you.

         Cogent Healthcare, Inc. manages various physician groups across the United States, including
physicians who provide medical services to patients at a hospital or long term care facility in which you
received treatment in the past. The complete list of affected physician groups is attached as Exhibit A.
Cogent Healthcare, Inc. contracted with M2ComSys (M2), a medical transcription company, to provide
services to some of these physician groups. M2’s job was to transcribe, or put into writing, patient care
notes dictated by physicians. In connection with providing these services, M2 stored these notes, which
included protected health information (PHI), on what was supposed to be a secure Internet site. A
security lapse by M2, however, allowed some of these notes, including your PHI, to be accessed through
that Internet site.

        On June 24, 2013, Cogent Healthcare, Inc. discovered the security lapse involving M2. As soon
as we discovered the lapse, Cogent Healthcare, Inc. took immediate steps to prevent further access of
patient care notes. Cogent Healthcare, Inc. also began a full-scale investigation to determine how the
incident occurred and to determine which data and individuals were involved. The care notes were first
accessed on May 5, 2013. Access to the site ended on June 24, 2013. We are generally unable to identify
who accessed the notes. In some cases, the notes were indexed by Google.

         The care notes contained varying combinations of information, including patient name,
physician’s name, patient date of birth, diagnosis description, summary of treatment provided and medical
history, medical record number and related information. Copies of medical records and Social Security
numbers were not included in the care notes.

         We have taken a number of steps to protect against future incidents. We have ended our
relationship with M2 and taken physical possession of the hardware held by M2 that stored our PHI. We
have confirmed with Google that it has removed all evidence of PHI from their files. We have initiated a
security review of other Cogent Healthcare, Inc. vendors who have access to PHI to confirm their security
procedures.
Cogent Security
Patient Notification Template
FINAL 8.2.13
 
         Cogent Healthcare, Inc. takes information security and your privacy very seriously. We deeply
regret this situation and any inconvenience this may cause you. Even though the information did not
contain Social Security numbers, we encourage you to take precautions to protect the security of your
personal information. For example, you should remain vigilant by reviewing account statements and
monitoring free credit reports.

         To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of
Experian’s ProtectMyIDTM Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information
and provides you with superior identity protection services focused on immediate identification and
resolution of identity theft.

    Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50
leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID on any key
changes in your credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical collections
and changes to public records. Enrollment in the ProtectMyID membership does not affect your credit
score.

    We realize that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer added
protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud
Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.

Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

       Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
       Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries,
        newly opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax
        and TransUnion credit reports.
       Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
        dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the
        fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
       ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud
        Resolution Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
       $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered
        by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages,
        private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.


                 Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                  or call 877-371-7902 to register with the activation code above.

1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: [date]

2. Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 877-371-7902 to enroll

3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]
Cogent Security
Patient Notification Template
FINAL 8.2.13
 


    Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
contact Experian’s customer care team at 877-371-7902.

         If you have any questions or want to learn more about this situation, please call the following toll-
free telephone number between the hours of 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Eastern Time, Monday through
Friday: (877) 218-0052. You may need to provide the following ten-digit reference code: 9786072613.
Again, we sincerely regret any inconvenience to you as a result of this incident. To enroll in Experian’s
credit monitoring product, please contact Experian and use the instructions included with this letter.

        We encourage you to make use of the one-year membership of Experian’s ProtectMyIDTM Alert.
You may also receive free credit reports by on the internet at www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling
the Annual Credit Report Request Service toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. You can also contact the three
major credit reporting agencies at the addresses listed below.

                                                  Sincerely,

                                                  LeToia Crozier
                                                  Senior Vice President, Compliance Officer
                                                  Cogent Healthcare, Inc.




Credit Reporting Agencies:
Equifax                                      Experian                       TransUnion
1-800-685-1111 (credit report)               1-888-397-3742                 1-800-888-4213 (credit report)
1-877-478-7625 (fraud alert)                 P.O. Box 9701                  P.O. Box 1000
P.O. Box 740256                              Allen, TX 75013                Chester, PA 19022
Atlanta, GA 30374                            www.experian.com
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com                                                 1-800-680-7289 (fraud alert)
                                                                            P.O. Box 2000
                                                                            Chester, PA 19022
                                                                            www.transunion.com
Cogent Security
Patient Notification Template
FINAL 8.2.13
 
                                             Exhibit A

           Practices managed by Cogent Healthcare that were Impacted by this Incident

Cogent Healthcare of California, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Washington, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Ocala, L.L.C.
Cogent Medical Care, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Texas, P.A.
Endion Medical Healthcare, P.C. d/b/a Endion SeniorCare
Cogent Healthcare of Montana, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Arizona, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Georgia, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Iowa, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of New Jersey, P.C.
Inpatient Specialists of Southwest Florida, LLC
Cogent Healthcare of Kentucky, P.S.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Wisconsin, S.C.
Comprehensive Hospital Physicians of Florida, Inc.
Cogent Healthcare, Inc.
Cogent Healthcare IPA of New York, Inc.
Cogent Healthcare of Brockton, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of North Carolina, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of South Carolina, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Daly City, P.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Jackson, MS, LLC
Cogent Healthcare of Pensacola, L.L.C.
Cogent Healthcare of Pennsylvania, Inc.
