Legal name / Trade name                                          Membership Number: 123456

                                                                 Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online
                                                                 instructions to start your credit monitoring service.
                                                                 Call 1-855-205-6951 if you have a question or need assistance.
                                                                 Call between 8 am and 5 pm (Central Time), Monday through Friday.
                                                                 kroll.idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current version
                                                                 or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.


  Patient Name                                                                                           August 25, 2014
  Street Address
  City, State Zipcode




Dear Patient Name,
We are writing this letter to you because you were referred for or have received services from physicians or
other providers at Legal name / Trade name (the Clinic) in the past. The Clinic is affiliated with Community
Health Systems Professional Services Corporation (CHSPSC), a Tennessee company, which provides
management, consulting and information technology services to the Clinic.
In July 2014, CHSPSC confirmed that its computer network was the target of an external, criminal cyber attack
sometime between April and June. CHSPSC believes the attacker was an “Advanced Persistent Threat” group
originating from China which used highly sophisticated malware and technology to attack CHSPSC’s systems.
This attacker was able to bypass the Company’s security measures and successfully copy and transfer some
data existing on CHSPSC’s systems, which is described in more detail below.
Since first discovering the attack, CHSPSC has worked closely with federal law enforcement authorities in
connection with their investigation of the matter. CHSPSC also engaged outside forensic experts to conduct a
thorough investigation of this incident. The attacker no longer has access to CHSPSC’s systems. CHSPSC has
implemented efforts that are designed to protect against future intrusions such as implementing additional audit
and surveillance technology to detect unauthorized intrusions, adopting advanced encryption technologies, and
requiring users to change their access passwords.
You are receiving this letter because some of your personal information may have been taken during this cyber attack.
The data which was taken may include your name, address, birthdate and Social Security number. Some of the data
also may have included your phone number, and the name of employers or guarantors. However, to the best of
CHSPSC’s knowledge, NO credit card information was taken and NO medical or clinical information was taken.
CHSPSC has been informed by federal authorities and outside forensic experts that this intruder has typically looked
for information related to intellectual property. However, because we want to protect our patients and because we
do not know for certain whether the intruders took information for identity theft purposes, we are providing you
with the opportunity to sign up for identity theft protection, free of charge for one year, as outlined below.
How do you sign up for identity theft protection?
We have arranged for Kroll to provide you with identity theft protection services. Your services include Credit
Monitoring and Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration.
Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions to take advantage of your credit monitoring
service. Call 1-855-205-6951 if you have a question or need assistance. Call between 8 am and 5 pm (Central Time),
Monday through Friday. You will need the membership number listed in the box above.
For your privacy and security, we will not call or email you requesting any of your personal information. If
you receive a call or email that appears to be from Legal name / Trade name, CHSPSC, or Community Health
Systems, please do not provide any personal information in response to any calls or emails.
How can you find out more information?
We have a team of people to answer any questions you might have. They can be reached at 1-855-205-6951.
We are committed to the privacy of your personal information, and regret the stress and worry this situation
may have caused to you.
Sincerely,
Legal name / Trade name
Your identity theft protection services
Credit Monitoring: Credit monitoring can be a key tool in detecting early warning signs of identity theft. You’ll receive
alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name.
If you do not recognize the activity, you’ll have the option to call an investigator, who can help you determine if it’s an
indicator of identity theft. You’ll also receive “no activity” notices if there have been no changes to your data.
Consultation and Restoration: You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed investigator. Support
includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection, explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance
with fraud alerts, and interpreting how personal information is accessed and used. Should you become a victim of identity
theft, a dedicated licensed investigator can work on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does more
than shoulder the bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the theft, and then work with creditors,
collection agencies, utilities, government entities, and more … to resolve it.

What else can you do?
You can contact the three credit reporting agencies listed below to ask for a free copy of your credit report.
When you get your credit report, review it for suspicious activity, such as accounts you didn’t open or debts that you can’t
explain. Check that all of the information is correct, including your SSN, birth date, addresses, name or initials, and employers.
If you see suspicious activity on your credit reports, or if you have reason to believe that your personal information is
being misused, you should contact your local law enforcement and file a police report. You may also contact the Federal
Trade Commission (FTC) to report any suspicious activity and to obtain information about preventing identity theft. The
FTC’s contact information is included below.

State Notification Requirements

All States.                                                              For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North
You may obtain a copy of your credit report or request information       Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia.
on how to place a fraud alert or security freeze by contacting any of    It is required by state laws to inform you that you may obtain a copy
the national credit bureaus below. It is recommended that you            of your credit report, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any
remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing   unauthorized activity on your account.
credit card account statements and monitoring your credit report
                                                                        For residents of Iowa.
for unauthorized activity.
                                                                        State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law
Equifax	Experian	TransUnion	enforcement or to the Attorney General.
P.O. Box 740241	          P.O. Box 2104	          P.O. Box 2000         For residents of Oregon.
Atlanta, GA 30374	 Allen, TX 75013	               Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111	1-888-397-3742	 1-800-888-4213                           State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law
www.equifax.com	www.experian.com	www.transunion.com                     enforcement, as well as the Federal Trade Commission.

For residents of Massachusetts.                                         For residents of Illinois, Maryland, and North Carolina.
It is required by state law that you are informed of your right to      You can obtain information from the Federal Trade Commission, and
obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.           for residents of Maryland and North Carolina, from your respective
                                                                        state Office of the Attorney General, about steps you can take toward
For residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia.                       preventing identity theft.
You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit
report by contacting any of the credit bureaus listed at above.         Federal Trade Commission
A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services     Consumer Response Center
from being approved in your name without your consent.                  600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                                                        Washington, DC 20580
To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able       1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
to use an online process, an automated telephone line or a written      www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/
request. The following information must be included when requesting
a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report      Maryland Office of	                   North Carolina Office of
for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as       the Attorney General	                 the Attorney General	
well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social  Consumer Protection Division	         Consumer Protection Division
Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any         200 St. Paul Place	                   9001 Mail Service Center
previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any applicable      Baltimore, MD 21202	                  Raleigh, NC 27699-9001	
incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the       1-888-743-0023	1-877-566-7226
Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request must also include a copy        www.oag.state.md.us	www.ncdoj.com
of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent
utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each
copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address,
and the date of issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge
a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze and
free if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of
identity theft, and you have submitted a valid police report relating
to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.
