                        Return Mail Processing Center
                        PO Box 6336
                        Portland, OR 97228-6336

                        <<mail id>>
                        <<Name1>>
                        <<Name2>>
                        <<Address1>>
                        <<Address2>>
                        <<City>><<State>><<Zip>>

                        <<Date>>

                        Dear <<Insert Client Name>>:
                        We are writing to inform you of a data security incident that may have resulted in the
                        disclosure of your personal information, including your name, address, diagnosis, date of
                        birth, age, gender and telephone number. Your Social Security number, financial account
                        numbers, medications or universal client identification number were not exposed and
                        remain secure. We take the security of your personal information very seriously, and
                        sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this incident may cause. This letter contains
                        information about steps you can take to protect your information.
                        On September 8, 2015, Community Catalysts of California was notified by an employee
                        that a thumb drive was stolen from the employee’s car, which was parked in a locked garage.
                        As soon as the theft was discovered, the employee promptly notified law enforcement and
                        is cooperating with their investigation. We also immediately began an investigation to
                        identify what information was on the device.
                        As soon as we learned of the theft, we began implementing additional safeguards to try
                        and prevent this from occurring in the future, including retraining our staff on company
                        policies and procedures and ensuring that all employees are using encrypted devices, per
                        our policy. Community Catalysts of California is committed to maintaining the privacy of
                        information and takes the security of your personal information very seriously. Although
                        we are not aware of any misuse of your personal information, we would like to make you
                        aware of some steps you can take to protect yourself.
                        First, you may want to place a fraud alert on your credit file to let creditors know to
                        contact you before opening a new account in your name. Call any one of the three credit
                        reporting agencies at the phone numbers listed below: You should (1) request that a fraud
                        alert be placed on your account and (2) order a free credit report from the agency.
                                    Equifax 1-888-766-0008
                                    Experian 1-888-397-3742
                                    Trans Union 1-800-680-7289
                        Second, when you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully for accounts you
                        did not open or for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. If you see anything
                        you do not understand, call the credit agency at the telephone number on the report.




O1601 v.02 10.14.2015                                                                                     2D
                        Third, if you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or
                        sheriff’s office.
                        Please note that Community Catalysts of California will not contact you to confirm any of
                        your personal information, so if an unknown person should contact you requesting such
                        information, you should decline to do so. Additional information about identify theft can
                        be obtained from the California Office of Privacy Protection (http://oag.ca.gov/privacy).
                        We deeply regret any inconvenience or concern that this incident may cause you, and
                        remain dedicated to protecting your information. Should you have further questions about
                        this matter, please call Alesia Forte at (888) 344-1237 Monday through Friday from 8:30
                        a.m. through 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time.
                        Sincerely,




                        Jim Jenkins, CEO
                        Community Catalysts of California




O1602 v.02 10.14.2015                                                                                      2D
                                                                             DRA
                                                                              FT
                             October 16, 2015


 O U R O F F I C E S
                             Client Name
      El Centro
    760-352-2033             Address
       Fresno
    559-347-6848             Dear [Insert Client Name]:
      Manteca
    209-624-5140             We are writing to inform you of a data security incident that may have
       Merced
                             resulted in the disclosure of your personal information, including your
    209-725-4700             name, address, social security number, diagnosis, date of birth, age,
       Salinas
                             gender, telephone number and. Your financial account numbers,
    831-769-0934             medications or universal client identification number were not exposed and
     San Marcos
                             remain secure. We take the security of your personal information very
    760-471-3700             seriously, and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this incident may
     Santa Clara
                             cause. This letter contains information about steps you can take to protect
    408-553-0960             your information.
        Ukiah
    707-462-2395             On September 8, 2015, Community Catalysts of California was notified by
       Visalia               an employee that a thumb drive was stolen from the employee’s car, which
    559-738-5555             was parked in a locked garage. As soon as the theft was discovered, the
                             employee promptly notified law enforcement and is cooperating with their
    V E T E R A N
                             investigation. We also immediately began an investigation to identify
S E R V I C E A R E A S
                             what information was on the device.
   Imperial County
  Riverside County
  San Diego County           As soon as we learned of the theft, we began implementing additional
   1-800-974-9909            safeguards to try and prevent this from occurring in the future, including
                             retraining our staff on company policies and procedures and ensuring that
                             all employees are using encrypted devices, per our policy. Community
                             Catalysts of California is committed to maintaining the privacy of
                             information and takes the security of your personal information very
                             seriously.

                             Although we are not aware of any misuse of your information, as an added
                             precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity and
                             monitor your credit for 12 months at no cost to you. The following




                          2328878v.4
identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use
them at any time during the next 12 months:

       AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and
       standing by if you need help protecting your identity. You are
       automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action
       required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call 1-866-
       979-2595 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to
       recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your
       identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear maintains
       an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

       AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of
       protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million identity
       theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need
       to provide your personal information to AllClear ID. You may
       sign up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone by calling 1-
       866-979-2595, using the following redemption code:
       <<RedemptionCode>>.

       Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order
       to activate your phone alerts.

Please note that Community Catalysts of California will not contact you to
confirm any of your personal information, so if an unknown person should
contact you requesting such information, you should decline to do so.
Additional information about identify theft can be obtained from the
California Office of Privacy Protection (http://oag.ca.gov/privacy).

We deeply regret any inconvenience or concern that this incident may cause
you, and remain dedicated to protecting your information. Should you have
further questions about this matter, please call Alesia Forte at (888) 344-1237
Monday through Friday from 8:30 am to 5 pm, Pacific Time.

Sincerely,


Jim Jenkins, CEO
Community Catalysts of California

                                                                              2
2328878v.4
                                            U.S. State Notification Requirements

For residents of all states:

Fraud Alerts: You can place fraud alerts with the three credit bureaus at one of the three major credit bureaus by phone and also via
Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain procedures, including contacting you, before they open any
new accounts or change your existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you
seek to obtain credit. The contact information for all three credit bureaus is below:
Monitoring: You should always remain vigilant and monitor your accounts for suspicious or unusual activity.
Security Freeze: You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report. A security freeze is intended to
prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your consent. To place a security freeze on your
credit report, you need to send a request to each consumer reporting agency by certified mail, overnight mail, or regular
stamped mail. The following information must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a
credit report for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any
suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years; and
(5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The
request must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or
insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of
issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, but is free
if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and you have submitted a valid police report
relating to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency. You may obtain a security freeze by contacting any
one or more of the following national consumer reporting agencies:
Equifax Security Freeze                      Experian Security Freeze                    TransUnion (FVAD)
P.O. Box 105788                              P.O. Box 9554                               P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                            Allen, TX 75013                             Chester, PA 19022
www.equifax.com                              http://www.experian.com/freeze               www.transunion.com

More information can also be obtained by contacting the Federal Trade Commission:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft
                                                       AllClear Secure Terms of Use
If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial losses and restore
your identity. Benefits include:
         12 months of coverage with no enrollment required;
         No cost to you – ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation services
(“Services”) to help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are determined at the
sole discretion of AllClear ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear Secure is not an insurance
policy, and AllClear ID will not make payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
Service is automatically available to you with no enrollment required for 12 months from the date of the breach incident notification you received
from Company (the “Coverage Period”). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are not covered by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AllClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the terms herein,
you must be a citizen or legal resident eighteen (18) years of age or older, and have a valid U.S. Social Security number. Minors under eighteen
(18) years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The Services cover only you and your personal financial and
medical accounts that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social Security number, including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other
financial accounts and/or medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
      Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8077 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period.
      Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from the sponsor
          Company.
      Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may reasonably require;
      Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies of all available
          investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law enforcement agencies, relating to the
          alleged theft;
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
     Due to
        o    Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
        o    Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by any of your
             authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your “Misrepresentation”)
     Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
     In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage period.
Other Exclusions:
     AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation fees of any
        service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to determine its validity;
     AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments or
        reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur; and
     AllClear ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve your credit
        history or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud;
     AllClear ID reserves the right to reasonably investigate any asserted claim to determine its validity. All recipients of Secure coverage are
        expected to protect their personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, recipients will not deliberately or recklessly
        disclose or publish their Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected to
        improperly use or disclose that Personal Information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear ID:
               E-mail                                Mail                                    Phone
               support@allclearid.com                AllClear ID, Inc.                       1.855.434.8077
                                                     823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                     Austin, Texas 78701
