              Compass Group USA – Legal Notice of Potential Security Incident (04.16.2015)

 Compass Group USA recently became aware of a security incident involving NEXTEP, a provider of self-serve kiosks
 used at a limited number of our on-site dining locations, including the following:

 450 American Street, Simi Valley, CA 93065
 1800 Tapo Canyon Road, Simi Valley, CA 93063
 375 Trimble Road, San Jose, CA 95131

 We are providing this notice as a precaution to tell kiosk users about the incident and to call their attention to
 some steps they may take to help protect themselves.

 Based upon an extensive forensic investigation, it appears that unauthorized individuals installed malicious




      ot :
 software designed to capture payment card information on certain NEXTEP self-serve kiosks, including those in use




     N y
 at the locations identified above. Your payment card information (including name, payment card account number,
 card expiration date and the CVV security code) may be at risk if you used a payment card at a NEXTEP self-service
 kiosk at one of the on-site dining locations identified above between February 2, 2015 and March 9, 2015. There is




           e
          p
 no indication that any other point-of-sale or network systems were impacted by this incident.

 Safeguarding our customers’ information is something we take extremely seriously. Upon learning of the situation,




        ic
 we swiftly disabled payment card acceptance on the affected kiosks and have taken remediation steps to remove
   ia o
 the malicious software from the kiosks. As of now, the incident has been contained.

 As a general precaution, we recommend that you review and closely monitor your payment card account
 ed f C
 statements and credit report, and promptly report any unusual activity to your financial institution, the credit
 reporting agencies and appropriate law enforcement authorities.

 We apologize for any inconvenience this causes and are offering one year of free identity protection services,
 including credit monitoring, to potentially impacted NEXTEP kiosk users. You can learn more about this incident
 and ways you can protect yourself, including eligibility and enrollment information about the identity protection
 services, by visiting www.compass-usa.com/pages/KioskUpdate.aspx. You may also call 888-829-6561.
M oo
  Pr




 35186022.1
