[CSC LETTERHEAD]

April xx, 2013

[Provider Name]
[Provider Street Address #1]
[Provider Street Address #2]
[Consumer City, State, Zip Code]                            Activation Code ##########


       IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Dear Provider:

We at Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) want to inform you of a recent incident that
involves your personal information. Although we are not aware of any misuse of this
information, we are taking steps to protect you and your identity.

Background
CSC is a contractor for the State of North Carolina. In the course of performing services for the
State, we put information from the Medicare Exclusion Database on a thumb drive. This
information included your name, Social Security Number (SSN), federal tax Employer
Identification Number (EIN), and date of birth. It also included other information from the
database that is publicly available. In early March, we discovered the loss of this thumb drive in
CSC facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina. Although not discovered until March, the thumb drive
containing this information is believed to have been lost in late February. We notified the State
of this loss. We consider resolution of this incident to be a top priority of our company, and we
are investigating it thoroughly, including an ongoing search for the thumb drive.

What We Are Doing for You
We have arranged for you to receive free credit monitoring and identity protection services,
including identity theft insurance, from Equifax Personal Solutions. This will help protect you in
the unlikely event of a loss and will be at no cost to you. You have 90 days from the date of this
letter to enroll in this product, which will then continue at no cost to you for one year from the
date of activation. We strongly encourage you to take advantage of this free product. Please see
the enclosed Equifax Information Sheet for additional details and instructions for activating
coverage.

The steps to follow are:
1. Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring* identity theft protection
   product. This product is being provided to you at no cost for one year.
2. Additionally, you may choose to adopt an increased level of protection by placing a fraud
   alert on your credit file at Equifax and the other two credit reporting agencies.

We also have established a toll-free number, 1-800-957-7154, to answer any questions that you
might have. The Call Center hours are Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., Eastern Time.



                                            1
How to Place a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors
of possible fraudulent activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. However, it also may delay your ability to obtain credit.
Once the fraud alert is added to your credit report, all creditors should contact you prior to
establishing any account in your name. To place a 90-day fraud alert on your credit file, log into
the Equifax Member Center and click on the fraud alert tab, visit www.fraudalerts.equifax.com
or call Equifax at 1-877-478-7625, and follow the simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been
placed with Equifax, a notification will be sent to the other two credit reporting agencies,
Experian and Trans Union, on your behalf. Fraud alerts last 90 days unless you manually renew
it or use the automatic fraud alert feature within your Credit Watch subscription.**

What You Should Do
You should remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft. You should carefully and
regularly review your credit reports and account statements. If you find any unauthorized or
suspicious activity on your accounts, you should contact your financial institution or bank
immediately. Please review the enclosed “Identity Theft Protection Guide,” which provides
specific details on how to contact the major consumer reporting agencies, the Federal Trade
Commission or your state Attorney General if you are a North Carolina or Maryland resident. If
you are a Massachusetts resident, please see the enclosed “Massachusetts Residents Guide.”

We very much regret that this incident occurred. Along with the steps described above to protect
your personal information, we are reviewing our data security practices and implementing
additional security procedures designed to prevent similar occurrences in the future. We
sincerely apologize for any inconvenience that you may experience as a result of this incident.
CSC is deeply committed to protecting your privacy.

Sincerely,



Mike Gaffney
Vice President & General Manager, Civil Group

Enc.

* This product is not intended for minors (under 18 years of age).
** The Automatic Fraud Alert feature made available to consumers by Equifax Information Services LLC and fulfilled on its behalf by Equifax
Consumer Services LLC




                                                                     2
                       EQUIFAX INFORMATION SHEET

ABOUT EQUIFAX CREDIT WATCH ™
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit
file and help you to understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit reporting
agencies. The key features and benefits are:
      Comprehensive credit file monitoring and automated alerts of key changes to your
        Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion credit reports
      Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
      One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
      Up to $1 Million identity theft insurance with $0 deductible †
      24 /7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your
        Equifax credit information, to provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and
        initiating an investigation of inaccurate information
      90-day Fraud Alert with automatic renewal functionality (available online only)

ENROLL NOW
To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
1. Welcome Page. Enter the Activation Code provided at the top of your letter in the
   “Activation Code” box and click the “Submit” button.
2. Register. Complete the form with your contact information (name, gender, home address,
   date of birth, Social Security Number and telephone number) and click the “Continue”
   button.
3. Create Account. Complete the form with your email address, create a User Name and
   Password, check the box to accept the Terms of Use and click the “Continue” button.
4. Verify ID. The system will then ask you up to four security questions to verify your identity.
   Please answer the questions and click the “Submit Order” button.
5. Order Confirmation. This page shows you your completed enrollment. Please click the
   “View My Product” button to access the product features.


To sign up for U.S. Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch
automated enrollment process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you only
through the U.S. mail.
1. Activation Code. Enter your activation code as provided at the top of your letter.
2. Customer Information. Enter your home telephone number, home address, name, date of
    birth and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose. You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access
    your credit file and to monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax can not process
    your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation. Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that
    you will receive in your Fulfillment Kit in the mail after Equifax verifies your identity, or a
    Customer Care letter with further instructions (if your identity can not be verified using the
    information provided. Please allow up to 10 business days to receive this information.



                                                 3
† Identity theft insurance underwritten by subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for
informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies
for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.


                                     IDENTITY THEFT PROTECTION GUIDE

Free Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes. You can add a fraud alert to your credit report file to
help protect your credit information. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get
credit in your name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you;
however, it also may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may place a fraud alert in your file
by calling just one of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies listed below. As soon as that
agency processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two agencies, which then must also
place fraud alerts in your file. In addition, you may also contact these credit reporting agencies
regarding if and how you may place a security freeze on your credit report to prohibit a credit
reporting agency from releasing information from your credit report without your prior written
authorization. You may contact the nationwide credit reporting agencies at:

Equifax                                      Experian                           TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                               (888) 397-3742                     (800) 680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                              P.O. Box 9532                      Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241                       Allen, TX 75013                    P.O. Box 6790
www.equifax.com                              www.experian.com                   Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                                www.transunion.com

You can obtain additional information from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), see below,
and the credit reporting agencies listed above regarding fraud alerts and security freezes.

Review Your Credit Reports. You may also periodically obtain and review your credit reports.
If you discover information on your credit report arising from a fraudulent transaction, you
should request that the credit reporting agency delete that information from your credit report
file. Under federal law, you are entitled to one free copy of your credit report every 12 months
from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies. You may obtain a free copy of your
credit report by going to www.AnnualCreditReport.com or by calling (877) 322-8228.

FTC Information. To learn more about steps you can take to protect yourself from identity
theft or to report potential identity theft, you may contact the Federal Trade Commission. To
learn more, you can go to the FTC’s Web site, at www.consumer.gov/idtheft/, or call the FTC, at (877)
IDTHEFT (438-4338). In addition, you may write to the FTC at Identity Theft Clearinghouse,
Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, DC 20580.




                                                                         4
NC Attorney General Information. If you are a North Carolina resident, you also may obtain
information about avoiding identity theft from the North Carolina Attorney General at:

       North Carolina Department of Justice
       Attorney General Roy Cooper
       9001 Mail Service Center
       Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
       Telephone - (877) 566-7226
       Website - http://www.ncdoj.com

MD Attorney General Information. If you are a Maryland resident, you also may obtain
additional information about avoiding identity theft from the Maryland Attorney General at:

Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
Telephone - (888) 743-0023
Website - www.oag.state.md.us




                                               5
                          MASSACHUSETTS RESIDENTS GUIDE

As a Massachusetts resident, you have a right to obtain a copy of a police report if one is filed in
connection with this situation. If a police report is filed with Massachusetts authorities, and to
our knowledge, one has not been filed at this time, we will let you know. If you are a victim of
identity theft, you also have the right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it.

Massachusetts law also allows consumers to place a security freeze on their credit reports. A
security freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from a
consumer’s credit report without written authorization. However, please be aware that placing a
security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of
any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services.
If you have been a victim of identity theft, and you provide the credit reporting agency with a
valid police report, it cannot charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze. In all other
cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to Five Dollars ($5) each time to place,
temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, please see the information in the “Identity Theft
Protection Guide” enclosed with this letter, which provides the contact information for the three
major credit reporting agencies. To request a security freeze, you will need to provide the
following information: your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
your Social Security Number and your date of birth. If you have moved in the past five years,
you must provide the addresses where you have lived over the prior five years as well as proof of
current address, such as a current utility bill or telephone bill. You also will need to provide a
legible photocopy of a government issued identification card, such as a state driver’s license or
ID card, military identification. If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of the police
report, investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft.
If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card
(Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.

The credit reporting agencies have three business days after receiving your request to place a
security freeze on your credit report. The credit bureaus also must send written confirmation to
you within five business days and provide you with a unique personal identification number
(PIN) or password, or both, that you can use to authorize lifting or removing the security freeze.

To lift the security freeze to allow access to your credit report, you must call or send a written
request to the credit reporting agencies by mail and include proper identification (name, address,
and social security number) and the PIN number or password provided to you when you placed
the security freeze as well as the identities of those entities or individuals you would like to
receive your credit report or the specific period of time you want the credit report available. The
credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to lift the
security freeze for those identified entities or for the specified period of time. To remove the
security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit bureaus by mail and
include proper identification (name, address, and social security number) and the PIN number or
password provided to you when you placed the security freeze. The credit bureaus have three (3)
business days after receiving your request to remove the security freeze.

                                                  6
