                             CORDAY PRODUCTIONS, INC.



                                      December 19, 2014



Dear Sir or Madam:

       As you are most likely aware, Sony Pictures Entertainment (“Sony”) recently became the
victim of a malicious cyber attack during the last week of November where confidential
personnel and business information was stolen. Because Sony administers payroll and
sometimes pays reimbursements for Corday Productions, Inc. (“Corday”), we were immediately
concerned regarding the privacy and security of personal information that is maintained by Sony
regarding our employees and independent contractors, as well as employees of contractors who
provide services to Corday.

        Corday has been in close contact with Sony regarding the security breach. We
understand that Sony has not found evidence that the cyber attack has resulted in a security
breach of the personal information pertaining to our employees, independent contractors or
employees of contractors providing services to Corday. However, Sony has not determined the
full scope of the security breach. Sony is continuing to work with law enforcement and cyber
security experts to obtain more information. In addition, Corday has learned that there may have
been attempts to utilize personal information concerning two of our current employees.
Although we have not been able to determine whether these isolated instances are related to the
Sony security breach, it gives us cause for concern.

       Again, we just do not know at this point whether the personal information maintained by
Sony pertaining to Corday has been breached. However, the following types of your personal
information have the potential of being impacted by the Sony security breach:

 If you are a        Name; address; social security number or federal identification number;
 current employee:   salary or wage information; telephone number; and if you had your wages
                     directly deposited, information regarding your bank name and bank
                     account number.

 If you are paid     Name of loanout company; address; social security number and/or
 through a loanout   employer identification number; amount paid to the company; telephone
 company:            number; and if you had your wages directly deposited, information
                     regarding your bank name and bank account number.

 If you are an       Name; address; amount paid to you; social security number; and taxpayer
 independent         identification number.
 contractor or an
 employee of a
 contractor:



                                          Page 1 of 2
        We have been working diligently with Sony to protect the interests of our employees,
independent contractors and employees of contractors. In that regard, Sony has offered to
provide you with free identity protection services for the next twelve months through AllClear
ID, a third-party company that specializes in protecting individuals from identity theft. More
information regarding the services AllClear ID provides is available on its website at
https://www.allclearid.com/ and at 1-855-434-8077. AllClear ID will be sending you an email
message outlining the steps you may follow to sign up.

        We also recommend that you protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft by
remaining vigilant during this time, diligently reviewing your financial accounts and monitoring
your credit reports. You may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit files, so that
creditors know to contact you before opening new accounts. If you contact any one of the three
credit reporting agencies listed below, a fraud alert will be established with all three agencies.

 Experian         (888) 397-3742        Experian
                  Fraud Alert           P O Box 2002
                                        Allen, Texas 75013
                                        (888) 397-3742 (credit report)
 Equifax          (800) 525-6285        Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc.
                  Fraud Alert           P.O. Box 740241
                                        Atlanta, GA 30374
                                        (888) 202-4025 (credit report)
 TransUnion       (800) 680-7289        TransUnion LLC
                  Fraud Alert           Consumer Disclosure Center
                                        P.O. Box 1000
                                        Chester, PA 19022
                                        (800) 888-4213 (credit report)


       A free credit report also is available annually through www.annualcreditreport.com or 1-
877-322-8228. You can find more information regarding identity theft on the website of the
Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.

       Corday takes seriously the protection of personal information of our employees,
independent contractors and employees of contractors. We will continue to communicate with
Sony regarding the ongoing developments of the cyber attack. We will notify you in the most
expedient time possible if we learn that the breach has affected personal information provided to
Sony by Corday, or if there are reasonable grounds to believe that such a breach has occurred. If
you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact: Charles Shrewsbury, Corday
Productions, Inc., 3400 W. Olive Avenue, Suite 170, Burbank, CA 91505, (818) 295-6354.




                                           Page 2 of 2
