On Tuesday, May 27, we discovered unauthorized activity on a website maintained by our company,
Craftsman Book Company. On May 28 we sent a message recommending a change of your password on
the Craftsman site: http://craftsman-book.com/products/index.php?main_page=login.

Since then, we have discovered unauthorized activity that could result in a fraudulent charge to your
credit or debit card – such as a charge of $100 for a “Starbucks Card Reload” or a purchase at
Zappos.Com. We have no way of knowing if you are affected. So we’re sending this message as a
precaution as quickly as possible -- before all details are known and before any investigation by law
enforcement authorities.

Here’s what we know so far.

By making repeated attempts beginning March 9, 2014, a hacker was able to break through password
security on the Craftsman site Construction-Contracts.net. No personal information is stored on this site.
But using what’s called a “SQL injection attack,” the hacker was able to access Craftsman-Book.com, a
website hosted on the same server as construction-contract.net. Once admitted to Craftsman-
Book.com, the hacker found sensitive files, including customer names, billing addresses, credit card
numbers and expiration dates. No CVV numbers and no financial passwords were compromised because
Craftsman does not collect that information.

Since May 27, we have:
* Taken the Construction-Contracts.net website offline until we fix security problems.
* Placed restrictions on access between Craftsman websites.
* Found and resolved several SQL injection vulnerabilities in our code.
* Reduced to a minimum the time credit card information remains on our server.
* Improved monitoring of log files to identify attacks in progress and blacklist offending IP addresses.

This was Craftsman’s mistake. But it should not be your loss. Federal law limits losses reported to a
credit card company within 60 days after delivery of your statement. If you see suspicious activity, ask
your credit card company to block the card, furnish a dispute form and provide a new card.

Again, we offer a sincere apology.

Sincerely,

Gary Moselle
Craftsman Book Company
800-829-8123
