                                   November 5, 2013

Dear DaVita Patient:

We regret to inform you that on September 6, 2013 a laptop was stolen from a
teammate’s (employee’s) vehicle. Although DaVita maintains a company-wide program
and policy requiring encryption of laptop computers, we discovered that the encryption
technology on this particular device had been unintentionally deactivated.

Based on our investigation, we have determined that personal information about you
was included on the laptop. The information included details such as your name, health
information such as certain diagnosis (e.g., end stage renal disease), insurance benefits
(e.g., Medicare/Medicare) and dialysis treatment information and Social Security
number.

At DaVita, we take our responsibility to protect your information very seriously. We
maintain extensive security and privacy programs. The laptop in question was
password protected. The theft was reported to law enforcement. We have no evidence
that your data has been accessed or used. Nonetheless, out of an abundance of
caution and to ensure that you are protected, we highly recommend that you remain
vigilant for incidents of potential fraud and monitor your financial account statements
and credit reports in order to protect your identity.

There are several sources of information that discuss ways to prevent identity theft.
Those sources include the FTC and the three major credit reporting agencies. Below is
the contact information from these agencies where you can obtain free credit reports:

Federal Trade Commission                        TransUnion, LLC
600 Pennsylvania Ave, NW                        PO Box 2000
Washington, DC 20580                            Chester, PA 19022
www.ftc.gov                                     www.tuc.com
1-877-438-4338; TTY: 1-866-653-4261             1-800-888-4213

Equifax                                         Experian
PO Box 9740256                                  PO Box 9701
Atlanta, GA 30374                               Allen, TX 75013
www.equifax.com                                 www.experian.com
1-800-655-1111                                  1-888-397-3742
Furthermore, we are providing you with a year of credit monitoring at no charge to you.
We encourage you to take advantage of the services available to you. To activate your
free credit monitoring, please call the number below and it will be set up for you.

We take our responsibility to protect patient information very seriously and maintain
extensive security and privacy programs. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience
or concern this incident may cause you. DaVita has investigated this incident and has
taken steps in an effort to prevent this type of incident from happening again in the
future.

If you have questions regarding this incident or the [name of credit program], please call
1-866-797-3792 toll free Monday through Saturday [insert times]


Sincerely,




Alan Cullop                              Betsy McCubrey
Chief Security Officer                   Chief Privacy Officer
                                   November 5, 2013

Dear DaVita Patient:

We regret to inform you that on September 6, 2013 a laptop was stolen from a
teammate’s (employee’s) vehicle. Although DaVita maintains a company-wide program
and policy requiring encryption of laptop computers, we discovered that the encryption
technology on this particular device had been unintentionally deactivated.

Based on our investigation, we have determined that personal information about you
was included on the laptop. The information included details such as your name,
clinical diagnoses (e.g., end stage renal disease), insurance carrier name, claims
payment data, and dialysis treatment information.

The laptop did not contain your Social Security number, Drivers’ License number, State
Identification Card number, or credit card account information.

At DaVita, we take our responsibility to protect your information very seriously. We
maintain extensive security and privacy programs. The laptop in question was password
protected, and the theft was reported to law enforcement. We have no evidence that
your data has been accessed or used. Nonetheless, out of an abundance of caution
and to ensure that you are protected, we are offering you one year of credit monitoring
through idexperts® at no charge to you. Please call the toll free number below for
assistance activating your credit monitoring service.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience or concern this incident may cause you.
DaVita has reviewed its encryption practices and implemented additional safeguards to
protect against any future instances of non-compliance with our encryption policies and
procedures.

If you have questions regarding this incident, please call 1-866-797-3792 toll free
Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM EST.


Sincerely,




Alan Cullop                              Betsy McCubrey
Chief Security Officer                   Chief Privacy Officer

Enclosure (1)
                                     Recommended Steps to Help Protect Your Identity

Please Note: No one is allowed to place a fraud alert on your credit report except you; please follow the
instructions below to place the alert.

1. Telephone. Contact 1-866-797-3792 to gain additional information about this event and speak with
knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your credit identity.

2. Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing account statements and
monitoring credit reports. Under federal law, you also are entitled every 12 months to one free copy of your credit
report from each of the three major credit reporting companies. To obtain a free annual credit report, go to
www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. You may wish to stagger your requests so that you receive a
free report by one of the three credit bureaus every four months.

You should also know that you have the right to file a police report if you ever experience identity fraud. Please note
that in order to file a crime report or incident report with law enforcement for identity theft, you will likely need to
provide some kind of proof that you have been a victim. A police report is often required to dispute fraudulent items.
You can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement or to the Attorney General.

3. Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. You can place a fraud alert at one of the three major credit
bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain
procedures, including contacting you, before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. For that
reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. The contact
information for all three bureaus is as follows:

Credit Bureaus

Equifax Fraud Reporting              Experian Fraud Reporting              TransUnion Fraud Reporting
1-800-525-6285                       1-888-397-3742                        1-800-680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                      P.O. Box 9554                         Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241               Allen, TX 75013                       P.O. Box 6790
www.alerts.equifax.com               www.experian.com                      Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                           www.transunion.com
It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As soon as one of the
three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts on their records as well. You will
receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to order all three credit reports, free of charge, for your
review.

4. Security Freeze. By placing a freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your personal identifying information
will not be able to use that information to open new accounts or borrow money in your name. You will need to
contact the three national credit reporting bureaus listed above in writing to place the freeze. Keep in mind that when
you place the freeze, you will not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a new credit card until you
temporarily lift or permanently remove the freeze. The cost of placing the freeze varies by the state you live in and
for each credit reporting agency. However, if you are a victim of identity theft and have filed a report with your local
law enforcement agency or submitted an ID Theft Complaint Form with the Federal Trade Commission, there may
be no charge to place the freeze.

5. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft from the following:

Identity Theft Clearinghouse
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.consumer.gov/idtheft
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
TDD: 1-202-326-2502

The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who
discover that their information has been misused to file a
complaint with them
