                                                   NOTICE TEMPLATE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

Person's Name
Street Address
City, State ZIP


Dear Full Name:

We are writing to inform you of a security incident involving Deltek’s GovWin IQ website. On behalf of the
Deltek team, I want to apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you and provide you with some
information on what happened, as well as the steps we are taking to protect you further in the future.

What Happened?

On March 13, 2014, Deltek discovered that, despite the security protocols that we have in place within
GovWin IQ, we, along with a number of U.S. governmental agencies, were one of thousands of
organizations that were subject to a sophisticated cyber attack. Based on the evidence we have, we
believe the cyber attack on Deltek’s GovWin IQ website occurred sometime between July 3, 2013, and
November 2, 2013. We have learned that a hacker gained unauthorized access to Deltek’s GovWin IQ
website and was able to obtain certain personal information about you, and we wanted to notify you of
this situation. Deltek is cooperating with law enforcement’s investigation into this matter, and I am
pleased to report that the individual believed primarily to be responsible has been arrested. While we
have received no indication that any information that was unlawfully accessed has been misused, see
below for more information on protecting your credit and obtaining credit monitoring services. The
information that we believe was accessed includes:

    •   Name, billing address, telephone number, and business e-mail address
    •   Credit card number and expiration date used to make purchases through GovWin IQ’s
        eCommerce system for reports, documents, and event registrations
    •   GovWin IQ login and password combination

We have taken extensive steps to address this incident quickly and effectively, and we remain committed
to safeguarding the information that you have provided to us.

What Is Deltek Doing to Protect You?

We have remedied the security vulnerability that we believe the hacker exploited in order to gain
unauthorized access to our GovWin IQ system. We have increased the overall security of GovWin IQ,
including by reviewing and improving our data security procedures and changing our practices for
handling personal information. We also have hired one of the nation’s premier cybersecurity forensic
firms to conduct a detailed investigation of this matter and to make recommendations for how we can
minimize the chances that this will happen again in the future.

We have taken steps to notify your credit card company that your credit card may have been accessed
during this incident. Your credit card company may contact you to verify charges if it detects any unusual
pattern of activity. If it suspects your account has been compromised, you may even receive a new credit
card. While we have taken steps to notify your credit card company proactively, we recommend that
you also immediately notify your credit card issuing bank and follow its advice with regard to your
credit card.

What Action Should You Take?

While we have no reason to believe that this security incident has led to the misuse of your personal
information, out of an abundance of caution and to help protect your identity, we have made
arrangements to provide you with a one-year membership to TransUnion Monitoring at no charge to
you. TransUnion Monitoring gives you access to credit monitoring services, provided by TransUnion
Interactive (a subsidiary of TransUnion, one of the three nationwide credit reporting companies).
Enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit score. Due to privacy laws, we are not able to enroll you
directly. For more information on TransUnion Monitoring and instructions on how to activate your free
one-year membership, please see the last page of this letter.

With respect to your credit card, remain vigilant by carefully reviewing your account statements and alert
your credit card issuing bank to any suspicious charges. If you notice any suspicious charges on your
credit card, please report them immediately to your credit card issuing bank. This is the most important
step that you can take to detect and prevent any unauthorized use of your credit card number.

With respect to your GovWin IQ login, on the evening of April 8, 2014, we implemented a change to
GovWin IQ that requires users to change their GovWin IQ passwords the next time they login to
www.govwin.com. Further, we will now require users to change their passwords every 90 days. If you
previously used your GovWin IQ login and password to access any other network, financial account, e-
mail or social media account, we strongly recommend that you change those passwords immediately.

We also suggest that you consider contacting one of the major credit bureaus listed below to place a
fraud alert or security freeze on your credit reports:

             Equifax                     Experian                         TransUnion
             (800) 685-1111              (888) 397-3742                   (800) 680-7289
             P.O. Box 740241             P.O. Box 9532                    P.O. Box 2000
             Atlanta, GA 30374           Allen, TX 75013                  Chester, PA 19022
             www.equifax.com             www.experian.com                 www.transunion.com

If you want to learn more about how to avoid identity theft, please visit the U.S. government’s identity theft
information website, http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft. You can also contact the Federal Trade
Commission via phone at 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338) or via mail at: Federal Trade Commission -
Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.

Please note that in the aftermath of security breaches such as this, some criminals seek to fraudulently
obtain the personal information of affected individuals by claiming to be the business experiencing the
breach. Do NOT respond to any e-mails or other requests from entities requesting your sensitive
personal information in relation to this breach. Deltek will NOT ask you for your sensitive
personal information. If you receive any written or electronic request via e-mail purporting to be from
Deltek and it looks suspicious, please call us for assistance at the following phone numbers that we have
set up for our customers who have questions about this incident: 844-487-3334 toll free in the United
States and +1 571-262-0219 for international dialing. You will be asked to verify your identity, so please
have this letter ready when you call. In addition, we have also set up an email inbox where you can
submit questions to this email address: protect@deltek.com.

We understand that you may be very concerned after learning about this matter, as were we. The
security of our customers is, and always will remain, a top priority. We have taken aggressive action in
this matter, and we will continue to constantly examine ways we can better protect you and your
information.


Sincerely,




Michael Corkery
President and Chief Executive Officer
Deltek, Inc.
                            TransUnion Monitoring Enrollment Information


1. You Must Enroll By: August 31, 2014
2. TransUnion Monitoring Website: www.transunionmonitoring.com
3. Your Activation Code: [insert code]


To enroll in this service, go to the TransUnion Monitoring website at www.transunionmonitoring.com
and in the space referenced as “Activation Code”, enter the following unique 12-letter Activation Code
<<Insert Unique 12-letter Activation Code>> and follow the simple three steps to receive your credit
monitoring service online within minutes.


If you do not have access to the Internet, as an alternative, you may enroll in a similar offline paper based
three-bureau credit monitoring service, via U.S. Mail delivery, by calling the TransUnion Fraud Response
Services toll-free hotline at 1-855-288-5422 and when prompted, enter the following 6-digit telephone
pass code: 464033. You can sign up for the online or offline credit monitoring service anytime between
now and August 31, 2014. Due to privacy laws, we cannot register you directly. Please note that credit
monitoring services might not be available for individuals who do not have a credit file with TransUnion, or
an address in the United States (or its territories) and a valid Social Security number.


Once you are enrolled, you will be able to obtain one year of unlimited access to your TransUnion credit
report and credit score. The daily three-bureau credit monitoring service will notify you if there are any
critical changes to your credit files at TransUnion, Experian and Equifax, including fraud alerts, new
inquiries, new accounts, new public records, late payments, change of address and more.


The service also includes up to $1,000,000 in identity theft insurance with no deductible. (Policy
limitations and exclusions may apply.)
