SAMPLE Notification Letter                                         CDSS Incident ID: 14‐101Staff
Letter addressed to adult staff of affected facilities              CISO Incident ID: 14‐0826


Dear Firstname Lastname:

We are writing to inform you of a security incident involving your personal information. On July 17,
2014, the California Department of Social Services (CDSS) was informed of the unauthorized release
of documentation that may have included your personal information. Confidential documents were
accidentally discarded and removed from the office for disposal prior to shredding. The documents
may have contained your name, mailing address, date of birth and Social Security number. The
incident was immediately investigated and determined to be accidental in nature; however, the
documents could not be retrieved. These documents were associated with children's residential and
senior care facilities in various counties of California.

To protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft, we recommend that you place a fraud alert on
your credit files by following the privacy protection steps "Privacy Protection Recommendations: What
to Do If Your Personal Information Is Compromised," included with this letter.

It is important to keep a copy of this notice for your records. For more information on identity theft,
you may visit the Web site of the California Department of Justice Privacy Enforcement and
Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you that appropriate actions have been
taken to minimize the risk of recurrence, including reviewing and revising our procedures and
practices. Should you need any further information about this incident, please contact the CDSS
Information Security Office at (855) 729-2484 or iso@dss.ca.gov and reference [reference number
supplied on letter mailed to affected individual].
SAMPLE Notification Letter                                         CDSS Incident ID: 14‐101Fosters
Letter addressed to County Foster Care supervisor                   CISO Incident ID: 14‐0826


Dear Firstname Lastname:

We are writing to you, the child welfare agency with placement and care responsibility for the above
named child, to inform you of a security incident that may have involved personal information of some
children in foster care.

On July 17, 2014, the California Department of Social Services (CDSS) was informed of the
unauthorized release of documents that may have included this child’s personal information.
Confidential documents were accidentally discarded and removed from the office for disposal prior to
shredding. Documents may have included children’s names, mailing addresses, dates of birth and
Social Security numbers. The incident was immediately investigated and determined to be accidental
in nature; however, the documents could not be retrieved. These documents were associated with
children's residential and senior care facilities in various counties of California. The above referenced
child is currently placed in one of those children’s facilities and information about this child could have
been included.

To protect the child from the possibility of identity theft, we recommend that you follow the
recommended privacy protection steps outlined in the enclosure, "Privacy Protection
Recommendations: What to Do If Your Child’s Social Security Number Has Been Compromised."

It is important to keep a copy of this notice in the child’s records. For more information on identity
theft, you may visit the Web site of the California Department of Justice, Privacy Enforcement and
Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you that appropriate actions have been
taken to minimize the risk of recurrence, including reviewing and revising our procedures and
practices. Should you need any further information about this incident, please contact the CDSS
Information Security Office at (855) 729-2484 or iso@dss.ca.gov and reference [reference number
supplied on letter mailed to affected individual].
