STATE OF CALIFORNIA - HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES AGENCY                                  Edmund G. Brown Jr., Governor

CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SUPPORT SERVICES
P.O. Box 419064, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741-9064




        [Date]



        Name (include Mr./Ms./Mrs.) (title, if any)
        Organization
        Address Line 1
        Address Line 2
        City, State, Zip code

        SUBJECT:         NOTICE OF POTENTIAL DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

        Dear Mr. /Ms. Person :

        We are writing to you because of a situation that occurred which may have resulted in
        the unauthorized disclosure of your personal information. On April 7, 2014, several
        letters from the Solano County Department of Child Support Services were misplaced
        while in the custody of a contracted courier who was transporting mail to the US Post
        Office. Although many of the letters were subsequently recovered, there is no way to
        determine if all of the letters misplaced reached their destination.

        As a result of this incident, Solano County has implemented multiple procedural
        changes and safeguards intended to minimize the possibility this could happen again.

        At this time, we have no evidence that your information was actually lost and/or
        disclosed to an unauthorized individual. However, to protect yourself from possible
        identity theft we recommend you follow the Privacy Protection Recommendations:

            1. You can report the potential identity theft to all three of the major credit bureaus
               by calling any one of the toll-free fraud numbers below. You will reach an
               automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at
               all three bureaus. You will also be sent instruction on how to get a copy of your
               report from each of the credit bureaus.

                 Trans Union 1-800-680-7289
                 P.O. Box 6790
                 Fullerton, CA 92834


                 Experian 1-888-397-3742
                 P.O. Box 9701
                 Allen, TX 75013

                 Equifax 1-800-525-6285
Insert Name
Insert Date Here
Page 2


      P.O. Box 105281
      Atlanta, GA 30348-5281


   2. What it means to put a fraud alert on your credit file.

   A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new
   credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of
   someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that there may be fraud on
   the account. This alerts the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the
   applicant. A fraud alert last 90 days and can be renewed.

   3. Review your credit reports. Look through each one carefully.

   Look for accounts you don’t recognize, especially accounts opened recently. Look
   in the inquiries section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested
   credit. Some companies bill under names other than their store names. The credit
   bureau will be able to tell you when that is the case. You may find some inquiries
   identified as “promotional.” These occur when a company has obtained your name
   and address from a credit bureau to send you an offer or credit.

   Promotional inquiries are not signs of fraud. (You are automatically removed from
   lists to receive unsolicited offers of this kind when you place a fraud alert.) Also, as
   a general precaution, look in the personal information section for any address listed
   for you where you’ve never lived.

   4. If you find items you don’t understand on your report, call the credit bureau at the
      number on the report.

   Credit bureau staff will review your report with you. If the information can’t be
   explained, then you will need to call the creditors involved and report the crime to
   your local police or sheriff’s office. For more information on what to do in this case,
   visit the California Department of Justice, Office of the Attorney General,
   www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/info-sheets and view the Identity Theft page.
Insert Name
Insert Date Here
Page 3


We regret that this incident occurred and apologize for any inconvenience this incident
may have caused you. Should you need further information about this incident, please
contact the, the Department of Child Support Services at (866) 901-3212.


Sincerely,



JOHN CLEVELAND
Information Security Officer
Insert Name
Insert Date Here
Page 4


bcc:
