April 19, 2012

[Name of Recipient]
[Street Address]
[City/State/Zip]


Dear [NAME OF RECIPIENT]:

For more than 27 years, Desert AIDS Project (D.A.P.) has been committed to providing comprehensive
health care and other services to its clients. As part of that commitment, D.A.P. strives to protect the
security and confidentiality of its client records. I am writing to inform you of an information security
incident that may affect you, and to share with you the steps that D.A.P. is taking to address it.

On Thursday, April 12, 2012, a thief gained unauthorized access to D.A.P.’s offices and stole the
computer assigned to the receptionist. We reported the incident to the Palm Springs Police Department
promptly after discovering the theft the next morning. D.A.P. is cooperating fully in the investigation.

In addition to notifying the police, we promptly conducted an internal investigation to identify the
information stored on the computer. Fortunately, the computer did not contain any medical details and
is protected by a strong password. The computer also did not contain any personally identifying
information, such as Social Security number, driver’s license number, credit or debit card number, or
health insurance or other account number. However, the computer did contain a spreadsheet which
included client name, assigned staff person, client status (active, discharged, etc.), internal client
identification number, and date of birth. The spreadsheet itself does not include D.A.P.’s name. Other
documents stored on the stolen computer may reveal its connection to D.A.P.

We have no reason to believe that the thief stole the computer to obtain the information stored on it.
The computer was not used by our professional or accounting staff. Consequently, the computer would
not be a likely target for someone seeking information that could be used for an improper purpose.

Rest assured that we are proactively responding to this incident. We are conducting a comprehensive
review of our security procedures. We already have taken steps to enhance security at our site and will
take additional steps, as necessary, in light of our on-going review.

I deeply regret that we need to inform you of this incident, and I apologize to you. If you have any
questions about this incident, please do not hesitate to call us at 760-969-5746 or send us an e-mail at
info@desertaidsproject.org.

Sincerely,



David Brinkman, MBA
CEO, Desert AIDS Project
Firmwide:110549820.1 058623.1000


                              1695 North Sunrise Way Palm Springs, CA 92262 760-323-2118

                                              www.desertaidsproject.org
