Processing Center • P.O. Box 3825 • Suwanee, GA 30024




                                                                                         October 28, 2013
          John Q Sample
          123 Main Street
          Anytown, US 12345




      Dear John Q Sample,

      We are writing to inform you of an incident that may have involved your personal information.
      Dun & Bradstreet (D&B), a provider of business information, recently learned that it was one of
      several victims of a criminal cyberattack.

      Based on our investigation of the incident to date, we believe the attack primarily occurred
      during a fifteen (15) day period in March and April 2013 and potentially resulted in
      unauthorized access to our environment, including one of our commercial information
      databases. The potentially exposed information is generally available from public sources. In
      some circumstances this information may have included certain personal information provided
      in a business context. This letter has not been delayed by a law enforcement investigation.

      D&B is actively investigating the matter and is working with law enforcement. We have
      identified you as one of the individuals whose personal information may be at risk. Based on
      the facts known to the company at this time, the personal information in the database included
      your name and a business identification number that may have also been your social security
      number.

      We have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you.
      The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use them
      at any time during the next 12 months.

      •    AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help
           protecting your identity. You are automatically eligible to use this service - there is no action
           required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call AllClear ID and a dedicated
                                                                                                                     *0104000000*
           investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure
           your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear ID maintains an A+ rating at the
           Better Business Bureau.
                                                                                                               0104000000




      •    AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring
           and a $1 million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to
           provide your personal information to AllClear ID. You may sign-up online at
           enroll.allclearid.com or by mail with the enclosed mail-in registration form, or by phone by
           calling AllClear ID using the redemption code. Please note: Additional steps may be
   required by you in order to activate your phone alerts and monitoring options. Mailed
   registrations may take up to ten (10) business days before the registration is received and
   you are able to log in to your account.

We have also advised the three major U.S. consumer credit reporting agencies, Equifax,
Experian and TransUnion, about this incident.

If you have any other questions regarding this incident or if you desire further information or
assistance, please email support@allclearid.com or call (855) 731-6015 between 8 a.m. and 8
p.m. Central Time, Monday through Saturday.

D&B is devoting all resources necessary to investigate this matter and respond to the incident.
We believe that this incident is contained and we are continually enhancing our security
procedures and safeguards, as appropriate. We greatly appreciate your understanding and
sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern caused by this incident.

Dun & Bradstreet
                                    Reference Guide

How to Enroll in AllClear ID No enrollment is necessary to take advantage of AllClear
SECURE Coverage. If you suspect you are a victim of identity theft, call AllClear ID at
(855) 731-6015. AllClear ID will do the work to help recover financial losses and
restore your credit report. You are covered from the date of this letter for the next
twelve (12) months.

You are also invited to sign up for AllClear ID PRO at any time during your coverage
period. This optional service provides Credit Monitoring and Identity Theft Insurance.
You may sign up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by mail with the enclosed mail-in
registration form, or by phone by calling (855) 731-6015 using the redemption code:
9999999999.

We encourage you to take advantage of these protections and remain vigilant for
incidents of fraud and identity theft, including regularly reviewing and monitoring your
consumer credit reports and account statements.

Order Your Free Credit Report To order your free annual consumer credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at (877) 322-8228, or complete the Annual
Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website
at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281,
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three consumer credit bureaus provide free annual
consumer credit reports only through the website, toll-free number or request form.

Upon receiving your consumer credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you
did not open. Look in the “inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you
have not requested credit. Some companies bill under names other than their store or
commercial names; the consumer credit bureau will be able to tell if this is the case.
Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in information (such as
home address and Social Security Number).

If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit bureau at the telephone
number on the report. Errors may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You
should notify the credit bureaus of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error
or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and, if found to be
in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately            *0204000000*
notify the appropriate consumer credit bureau by telephone and in writing. Information
that cannot be explained should also be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office
because it may signal criminal activity.

Contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission If you detect any unauthorized
                                                                                              0204000000




transactions in any of your personal financial accounts, promptly notify the appropriate
payment card company or financial institution. If you detect any incidence of identity
theft or fraud, promptly report the matter to your local law enforcement authorities, state
Attorney General and the FTC.
You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a
victim of identity theft by using the contact information below:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/

Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File To protect yourself from possible identity
theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your personal credit file. A fraud alert helps
protect against the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit accounts in your
name. When a consumer credit grantor checks the credit history of someone applying
for credit, the credit grantor gets a notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity
theft. The alert notifies the credit grantor to take steps to verify the identity of the
applicant. You can place a fraud alert on your personal credit report by calling any one
of the toll-free fraud numbers provided below. You will reach an automated telephone
system that allows flagging of your file with a fraud alert at all three consumer credit
bureaus.

 Equifax           P.O. Box 740241           877-478-7625           www.equifax.com
                   Atlanta, Georgia
                   30374-0241

 Experian          P.O. Box 9532             888-397-3742           www.experian.com
                   Allen, Texas 75013

 TransUnion        Fraud Victim              800-680-7289           www.transunion.com
                   Assistance Division
                   P.O. Box 6790
                   Fullerton, California
                   92834-6790

Credit Freezes You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security
freeze, on your consumer credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name
without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A
credit freeze is designed to prevent potential consumer credit grantors from accessing
your consumer credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential
creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your consumer credit
report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay
your ability to obtain consumer credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift
and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of
placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally
$5 to $20 per action at each consumer credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert,
you must separately place a credit freeze on your personal credit file at each consumer
credit bureau. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state
to state, please contact the three major consumer credit bureaus at the numbers above
to obtain more information.




                                                                                                     *0304000000*
                                                                                               0304000000
