C/O ID Experts
10300 SW Greenburg Road, Ste 570
Portland, OR 97223
866-833-7917

[Name]
[Address1]
[Address2]
[City, State Zip]

June 25, 2015

Dear [Name],

After a recent migration of our website from one server to another, Dungarees was a victim of an
illegal hack from a foreign entity, which may have resulted in a compromise to your credit card
or debit card.

On May 15, 2015, we first became aware of a possible breach when we discovered that our
website had been manipulated by hackers. After this discovery, we took immediate action to
secure our website and we engaged a forensic IT firm to assist us in determining how this
occurred. The forensic IT firm discovered that the hackers made additional manipulations to our
website that were not apparent on May 15th.

Based on our investigation, we believe that customer information associated with orders placed
on our website between March 26, 2015 and June 5, 2015 may have been affected. We have
determined that the information involved in this breach included customer name; customer
billing, mailing and email addresses; credit or debit card number, the card’s expiration date and
CVV.

We truly value you as a customer and we apologize that this criminal attack may have affected
you.

We have purchased and are offering identity theft protection services through ID Experts®, a
leading data breach and recovery services company, which will include: 12 months of recovery
services, a $1,000,000 insurance reimbursement policy, exclusive educational materials and
complete access to their fraud resolution representatives. With this protection, ID Experts will
help you resolve issues if your identity is compromised.

Representatives from ID Experts have been fully versed on the incident and can answer questions
or concerns you may have about this breach as well as questions you may have about how to enroll
in the free services by calling 866-833-7917 or going to www.idexpertscorp.com/protect.
ID Experts is available Monday through Friday from 8 am - 8 pm Central Time. Please note the
deadline to enroll is September 17, 2015.

You will find detailed instructions for enrollment on the enclosed Recommended Steps
document. Also, you will need to reference the following access code when calling or enrolling
on the website, so please do not discard this letter.

                              Your Access Code: [Insert Enrollment Code]
                              CALL 1-866-833-7917 8am-8pm M-F or
                              www.idexpertscorp.com/protect 24hrs a day

Again, we want you to know that we regret any inconvenience or concern this incident may
cause you. Be assured that we place a top priority on protecting the security of our customer’s
personal information and with the help of highly regarded security experts, we have put further
safeguards in place to help prevent future attacks.

In 15 years of business, we have never before had a breach and this experience has taught us that
data breaches can affect all businesses, even one like ours. The key is to remain vigilant. We
know that you have many choices and hope you will continue to shop with us.

Sincerely,



Patrick and Michael McClung
Dungarees
500 East Broadway
Columbia, MO 65201
866-538-6427
http://dungarees.net/

(Enclosure)
                    Recommended Steps to Help Protect your Information

Please Note: Minors, under the age of 18, should not have a credit history established and
are under the age to secure credit. No one is allowed to place a fraud alert on your credit
report except you, please follow the instructions below to place the alert.

1. Website and Enrollment. Go to www.idexpertscorp.com/protect and follow the instructions
for enrollment using your Access Code provided above. Once you have completed your
enrollment, you will receive a welcome letter by email (or by mail if you do not provide an email
address when you sign up). The welcome letter will direct you to the exclusive ID Experts’
Member Website where you will find other valuable educational information.

2. Telephone. Contact ID Experts at 866-833-7917 to gain additional information about this event
and speak with knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your
credit identity.

3. Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing account
statements and monitoring credit reports. Under federal law, you also are entitled every 12
months to one free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting
companies. To obtain a free annual credit report, go to www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-
877-322-8228. You may wish to stagger your requests so that you receive a free report by one of
the three credit bureaus every four months.

If you discover any suspicious items and have enrolled with ID Experts, notify them immediately
by calling or by visiting their Member website and filing a theft report.

If you file a theft report with ID Experts, you will be contacted by a member of the Recovery
Department who will help you determine the cause of the suspicious items. In the unlikely event
that you fall victim to identity theft as a consequence of this incident, you will be assigned an ID
Experts Recovery Advocate who will work on your behalf to identify, stop and reverse the
damage quickly.

You should also know that you have the right to file and obtain a police report if you ever
experience or suspect identity fraud, and we encourage you to do so. Please note that in order to
file a crime report or incident report with law enforcement for identity theft, you will likely need
to provide some kind of proof that you have been a victim. A police report is often required to
dispute fraudulent items. You can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law
enforcement or to your state’s Attorney General.

4. Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. If you choose to place a fraud alert, we
recommend you do this after activating your credit monitoring. You can place a fraud alert at one
of the three major credit bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud
alert tells creditors to follow certain procedures, including contacting you, before they open any
new accounts or change your existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect
you, but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. The contact information for all three
bureaus is as follows:
Credit Bureaus

Equifax Fraud Reporting        Experian Fraud Reporting        TransUnion Fraud Reporting
1-800-525-6285                 1-888-397-3742                  1-800-680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                P.O. Box 9554                   P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241         Allen, TX 75013                 Chester, PA 19022-2000
www.alerts.equifax.com         www.experian.com                www.transunion.com

It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As
soon as one of the three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts
on their records as well. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to
order all three credit reports, free of charge, for your review.

5. Security Freeze. By placing a security freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your
personal identifying information will not be able to use that information to open new accounts or
borrow money in your name. You will need to contact the three national credit reporting bureaus
listed above in writing to place the freeze. Keep in mind that when you place the freeze, you will
not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a new credit card until you temporarily
lift or permanently remove the freeze. The cost of placing the freeze varies by the state you live
in and for each credit reporting bureau. The Credit Bureau may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to
place a freeze, lift, or remove a freeze. However, if you are a victim of identity theft and have
filed a report with your local law enforcement agency or submitted an ID Theft Complaint Form
with the Federal Trade Commission, there may be no charge to place the freeze.

6. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft
from the agencies listed above. The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who
discover that their information has been misused to file a complaint with them.

All US Residents: Identity Theft Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20580, www.consumer.gov/idtheft, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338),
TDD: 1-202-326-2502.

North Carolina Residents: North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided
by the North Carolina Attorney General to obtain information from about preventing identity
theft at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center,
Raleigh, NC 27699.

Maryland Residents: Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the
Maryland Attorney General to obtain information from about preventing identity theft at
http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@aog.state.md.us, or calling
410-576-6491.
