[DATE]

[NAME]
[ADDRESS1]
[ADDRESS2]
[CITY], [STATE] [ZIPCODE]

RE: Possible Security Breach at DutchWear

Dear [INDIVIDUAL NAME]:

As a DutchWear fan, you already know we value our relationship with you more than anything else:
we value your friendship, your business, and the privacy of your information. Our company,
Boersma Bros. LLC, dba DutchWear, was recently made aware of an incident that may involve your
personal information. In an abundance of caution, we are writing to notify you of the nature of this
breach and its possible effect on you.

On Saturday, December 6th, 2014, we received information that raised suspicion of an unauthorized
breach of our website that was exposing the payment information for some customers of
DutchWear. In order to best protect our customers, we immediately took down our e-commerce
site shop.dutchbros.com and conducted an extensive investigation of our computer systems.

We learned that between November 7th and December 6, 2014, personal information may have
been intercepted during purchase transactions. As a result your name, address, phone number,
credit card number, expiration date, and credit card security code may have been exposed. Only
users of the DutchWear e-commerce site were exposed, not customers at retail locations.

Presently, we are working with the proper authorities to ensure the incident is properly addressed
and the responsible party is apprehended. Because your privacy means so much to us, the former
website will remain offline permanently. We are building a brand new site, with new security
features and protocols intended to prevent this type of breach from happening again.

We recommend that you review your account statements and credit reports at your earliest
convenience. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the
financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You may also choose to
report any fraudulent activity on your credit report or any suspected incident of identity theft to
proper law enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade
Commission. You may need to give copies of a police report to creditors to clear up your records.




LEGAL124497657.1
To file a complaint with the FTC, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338).
Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC’s Identify Theft Data Clearinghouse, which is a
database made available to law enforcement agencies.

You may also want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free
and will stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent
activity within your report and requests that the credit company contact you prior to establishing
any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three
credit reporting agencies using the contact information below:

Equifax                             Experian                            TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                      (888) 397-3742                      (800) 916-8800
www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                    www.transunion.com
PO Box 740241                       PO Box 9532                         PO Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                   Allen, TX 75013                     Fullerton, CA 9284

Additionally, we have set up a toll-free help line so you may contact us directly with any questions
about this incident: 1-844-835-8656. You can reach us between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. PST, Monday
through Friday. Or, feel free to email us at customerexperience@dutchbros.com

We know that this incident presents an inconvenience, so as a show of our appreciation for your
patience and for being an important part of our family, we will be offering an incentive for a future
DutchWear purchase on our brand new website. More information about this will follow this letter
in the next 30 to 60 days.

We highly values relationships, and we’re committed to serving and protecting each and every
DutchWear customer. Thank you for being a part of the DutchWear family.


Sincerely,


Travis Boersma, President
DutchWear




LEGAL124497657.1
