Processing Center · P.O. Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024




          John Q. Sample, Jr.                                                                     January 17, 2014
          123 Anytstreet Ave.
          Apt. 123
          Anytown, TX 78701


Dear John Q. Sample, Jr.,

With much regret, I am writing to make you aware that Easton-Bell Sports, Inc. (“Easton-Bell”), which includes
Easton, Bell, Riddell, Giro, Blackburn and Easton Cycling, recently discovered that servers at one of our vendors
were subject to a malicious software (“malware”) computer intrusion. We believe the incident may have begun on
December 1, 2013. The servers that were accessed contained Easton-Bell information and may impact customers
who made online purchases between December 1, 2013 and December 31, 2013. This may have included personal
information you provided to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, email, and credit card number along
with the 3 or 4 digit credit card security code on your card. On January 9, 2014, Easton-Bell determined that this
malware intrusion may have resulted in an unauthorized individual having accessed your information. Upon
discovery, we immediately shut down the affected servers and took steps to prevent further access to your
information, including cleaning and rebuilding the affected servers. We have also hired a highly experienced
computer forensic specialist to conduct an exhaustive investigation of this matter. We are also working with our
vendor on additional measures that can be taken to prevent such incidents in the future.

We realize that when you shop with us in the online environment, you put your confidence in us. We value you as
our client, and we deeply regret that this incident occurred.

Although our investigation has not found that your information has been misused, we treat this matter with the
utmost seriousness. For this reason, we want to make sure you have the information you need so that you can take
steps to help protect yourself from identity theft. We encourage you to remain vigilant and to regularly review and
monitor relevant account statements and credit reports and report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law
enforcement, your Attorney General, or the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”). We have included more
information on these steps in this letter.

As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to
you. The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any time
during the next 12 months.

AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your identity. You
are automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your part. If a problem arises, simply
call (866) 979-2595 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and
make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business
Bureau.

AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million
identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your personal information to
AllClear ID. You may sign up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone by calling (866) 979-2595 using the
following redemption code: 9999999999.

Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your phone alerts.
Again, this protection is being offered at no cost to you.

You can also place a fraud alert with the major credit reporting agencies on your credit files, their contact
information is as follows:

 Equifax             Equifax Information Services LLC            800-525-6285         www.equifax.com
                     P.O. Box 105069
                     Atlanta, GA 30348-5069
 Experian            Experian Fraud Reporting                    888-397-3742         www.experian.com
                     P.O. Box 9554
                     Allen, Texas 75013
 TransUnion          TransUnion LLC                              800-680-7289         www.transunion.com
                     P.O. Box 6790
                     Fullerton, California 92834-6790

A fraud alert lasts 90 days, and requires potential creditors to use “reasonable policies and procedures” to verify
your identity before issuing credit in your name (as soon as one agency is notified, the others are notified to place
fraud alerts as well). When you contact these agencies, you can also request that they provide a copy of your credit
report. Review your reports carefully to ensure that the information contained in them is accurate. If you see
anything on your credit reports or credit card account statements that appear incorrect, contact the credit reporting
agency or your credit card provider, and report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, the
Attorney General, or the FTC. Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports or account statements, the
FTC and other security experts suggest that you check your credit reports and account statements periodically. You
can keep the fraud alert in place at the credit reporting agencies by calling again after 90 days.

You can also ask these same credit reporting agencies to place a security freeze on your credit report. A security
freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your
written authorization. Please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with,
or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or
other services. If you want to have a security freeze placed on your account, you must make a request in writing by
certified mail to the reporting agencies. The reporting agencies will ask you for certain information about yourself.
This will vary depending on where you live and the credit reporting agency, but normally includes your name,
social security number, date of birth, and current and prior addresses (and proof thereof), and a copy of government-
issued identification. The cost to place, temporarily lift, or permanently lift a credit freeze varies by state, but
generally, the credit reporting agencies will charge $5.00 or $10.00, unless you have are the victim of identity theft
who has submitted a copy of a valid investigative or incident report, or complaint with a law enforcement agency, in
which case under many state laws it is free. You have the right to a police report under certain state laws.

If you detect any unauthorized charges on your credit or debit card(s), we strongly suggest that you contact your
card issuer by calling the toll-free number located on the back of your card or on your monthly statement, tell them
what you have seen, and ask them to cancel and reissue the card. You should tell your card issuer that your account
may have been compromised and review all charges on your account for potentially fraudulent activity. We also
recommend that you change your card web account password immediately when you discover unauthorized
charges.

Finally, the FTC, your Attorney General, and the major credit reporting agencies listed above can provide additional
information on how to avoid identity theft, how to place a fraud alert, and how to place a security freeze on your
credit report. You can contact the FTC on its toll-free Identity Theft helpline: 1-877-438-4338. The FTC’s website
is located at http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft and its address is Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center,
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. In Maryland, you can reach the State Attorney General’s
office by phone at (888) 743-0023. Its website is http://www.oag.state.md.us/. In North Carolina, you can reach the
State Attorney General’s office by phone at (919) 716-6400. Its website is http://www.ncdoj.gov. Their mailing
addresses are:
Douglas F. Gansler                                        Roy A. Cooper
Attorney General of the State of Maryland                 Attorney General of the State of North Carolina
Office of the Attorney General                            Consumer Protection Division, Attorney General's Office
200 St. Paul Place                                        Mail Service Center 9001
Baltimore, MD 21202                                       Raleigh, NC 27699-9001

We are genuinely sorry that this incident occurred and apologize for any inconvenience this matter may cause you. I
can assure you that we are doing everything we can to protect you – our customers – and ensure nothing like this
happens again. If you have questions about this notice or this incident or require further assistance, you can reach us at
(866) 892-6059, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (CST). You can also get more information at http://
www.eastonbellsports.com. Please reference this letter when calling.

Thank you,


Terry G. Lee
Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Easton-Bell Sports, Inc.

Easton-Bell Sports
7855 Haskell Avenue, Suite 200
Van Nuys, CA 91406
                                                 AllClear Secure Terms of Use
If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial
losses and restore your identity. Benefits include:
          Automatic 12 months of coverage
          No cost to you – ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation
services (“Services”) to help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are
determined at the sole discretion of AllClear ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear
Secure is not an insurance policy, and AllClear ID will not make payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or
expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
You are automatically protected for twelve (12) months from the date the breach incident occurred, as communicated in the breach
notification letter you received from Company (the “Coverage Period”). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are
not covered by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AllClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the
terms herein, you must be a citizen or legal resident eighteen (18) years of age or older, reside in the United States, and have a valid U.S.
Social Security number. Minors under eighteen (18) years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The
Services cover only you and your personal financial and medical accounts that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social
Security number, including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other financial accounts and/or medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
      Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8075 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period.
      Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from
          the sponsor Company.
      Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may
          reasonably require;
      Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies
          of all available investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law
          enforcement agencies, relating to the alleged theft;
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
     Due to
              o Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
              o Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by
                  any of your authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your
                  “Misrepresentation”)
     Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
     In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage
         period.
Other Exclusions:
        AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation
         fees of any service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to
         determine its validity;
        AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments
         or reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur; and
        AllClear ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve
         your credit history or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud;
        You are expected to protect your personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, you will not recklessly
         disclose or publish your Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected
         to improperly use or disclose that Personal Information, such as, by way of example, in response to "phishing" scams,
         unsolicited emails, or pop-up messages seeking disclosure of personal information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear
ID:

               E-mail                                     Mail                                       Phone
               support@allclearid.com                     AllClear ID, Inc.                          1.855.434.8077
                                                          823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                          Austin, Texas 78701


                                                                                                                AllClear ID, Inc. 2014-01-13
