                                                                                             05/22/2012



[NAME]
[Address]

RE:     Notification of Breach of Customer Information
Dear        :

        We value the relationship with you and we look forward to serving your future needs.
 Regrettably, we must inform you that between May 6th and May 10th, 2012, unauthorized access by
 an unknown third party concerning customers' personal information associated with pending and
 recently shipped orders occurred. Accessed personal information includes your name, address,
 email address, phone number, ECS customer account password, debit or credit card number, credit
 or debit card expiration date, and debit or credit card security code or access code. We have taken
 prompt action to secure the system to prevent any further compromises.

        Please be assured that ECS Tuning Incorporated is taking this matter very seriously. We
have been working diligently to investigate the unauthorized activity and have identified and
secured the method of unauthorized access. We have notified the credit card companies and have
provided them with information they have requested so they can notify the banks that issued the
affected credit cards. We have also filed a case with the local Wadsworth, Ohio Police Department
(Case# 21205162) and are cooperating with their investigation.

        We have done the following to better secure our customer information: ECS Tuning has
integrated PayPal’s Payflow Pro to add additional security to the ECS checkout process and removed
the storage of credit and debit cards for any length of time regardless of order status. In addition to
already meeting PCI Compliance standards, we have added extra layers of security to ensure our
customer privacy, such as scanning all inbound and outbound traffic. With these modifications, we
are confident ECS Tuning Inc. is protecting your customer information.

         We want to describe certain steps that you can take to protect yourself against identity theft.
First, we have enclosed instructions on how you can contact the three major credit bureaus to place a
90-day fraud alert on your account, inquire about any unusual activity on your accounts, and request
a free credit report. We also suggest that you carefully review all bills and account statements you
may receive over the next several months, and report any suspicious activity to the financial
institution of the account at issue. If you think that your personal information is being improperly
used in any manner, you can also contact local law enforcement to file a police report and contact
your state Attorney General and/or the Federal Trade Commission at 1-877-ID THEFT (877-438-

                                                                                            Page 1 of 3
4338). Additionally, the FTC's Web site at www.ftc.gov/idtheft has information to help individuals
guard against and deal with identity theft.

       We value and appreciate your business. We regret this situation and any inconvenience or
concern it may cause you. ECS Tuning, Inc. is committed to maintaining the security and privacy of
customer information and taking all reasonable measures to prevent future breaches.

      If you have further questions about this matter, please contact our Customer Service
Manager, Thomas Lilly, at tilly@ecstuning.com or (800)924-5172.
Sincerely,




Alek Mergy – General Manager
ECS Tuning, Inc.
1000 Seville Road
Wadsworth, Ohio 44281

        /
Encl.




                                                                                        Page 2 of 3
Page 3 of 3
