          <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>> <<NameSuffix>>                                     <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
          <<Address1>>
          <<Address2>>
          <<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




          Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>> <<NameSuffix>>,
          We recently became aware of the theft of a company laptop computer that may have contained some
          of your personal information. Although we are still investigating the incident, the following information
          may have been on the stolen laptop: <<ClientDef1(your name, Social Security number, date of birth, date
          of hire, address, salary, gender, and ethnicity.)>> Upon learning of the theft, which occurred on around
          November 25, 2014, we took immediate steps to address the situation, including reporting the incident to
          law enforcement. We intend to continue our ongoing efforts to enhance our information security policies
          and procedures in light of this incident to minimize the risk of such incidents in the future.
          Although our investigation of this incident is ongoing at this time, we have no evidence that any personal
          information has been inappropriately accessed or misused. We are notifying you, however, out of an
          abundance of caution so that you can take steps to help protect your information from unauthorized use
          as detailed in the enclosed reference guide. We urge you to be vigilant about monitoring unauthorized
          account activity and to alert your bank and/or account issuers who may be able to impose additional
          security measures. We are also working with Kroll to provide you with services at no cost to you to help
          you safeguard your identity, including consultation and restoration services in the event of a potential
          identity theft.
          I. What Are We Doing to Protect You?
          To help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, we have secured the services of
          Kroll to provide identity theft safeguards at no cost to you for one (1) year. Kroll is a global leader in risk
          mitigation and response, and their team has extensive experience helping people who have sustained an
          unintentional exposure of confidential data.
          Your identity theft protection services include Credit Monitoring, a Current Credit Report, Web Watcher,
          Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan, $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, and Identity Theft Consultation and
          Restoration. Please note that in order to activate your services you will need to follow the instructions in
          the section titled “Next Steps” below.
          To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a
          Social Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.




Visit krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online                   Membership Number: <<Member ID>>
instructions to take advantage of your identity theft protection services.                           Help is only a phone call away.
You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s identity           If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a victim
protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide your                  of identity theft, Call 1-866-775-4209, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time),
membership number.                                                                Monday through Friday, and ask to speak with an investigator.
krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current                Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.   Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.


                                  To receive your credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-844-263-8605.
                                                                                                                                                    974R74-1214
II. What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Please call 866-775-4209, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s Licensed
Investigators are standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have.
Please have your membership number ready.
The Reference Guide attached also contains the contact information, including the toll-free numbers and
addresses, of the major credit reporting agencies, who can assist with security freezes, fraud alerts, and
other issues.
For more information or if you have any questions, please call Mike Cook at 949-460-4605. We sincerely
regret any inconvenience this incident may cause you.
Sincerely,




Mike Cook
Human Resources Director
Reference Guide
To protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to
review your account statements, to monitor your credit reports and to consider these additional steps:
Security Freeze. Some state laws allow you to place a security freeze on your credit reports. This would
prohibit a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your
written permission. You should be aware, however, that placing a security freeze on your credit report
may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit,
mortgages, employment, housing or other services. The specific costs and procedures for placing a
security freeze vary by state law, but this reference guide provides general information. You can find
additional information at the websites of any of the three credit reporting agencies listed below.
If you believe that you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the credit reporting agency
with a valid police report, it will not charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze on your credit
reports. In all other cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 (and in some cases,
up to $20.00) each time you place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.
Requirements vary by state, but generally to place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a
written request to each of the three credit reporting agencies noted below, which must include the fol-
lowing information: (1) Full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.); (2) Social Security
Number; (3) Date of birth; (4) Addresses for the prior five years; (5) Proof of current address; (6) A legible
copy of a government issued identification card; (7) A copy of any relevant police report, investigative
report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft and (8) If you are not a victim
of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Ex-
press or Discover only). Do not send cash though the mail.
Equifax Security Freeze                   Experian Security Freeze                  TransUnion
P.O. Box 105788                           P.O. Box 9554                             P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, Georgia 30348                    Allen, Texas 75013                        Chester, Pennsylvania 19022-2000
800-685-1111                              888-397-3742                              888-909-8872
www.equifax.com	                          www.experian.com                          www.transunion.com

Free Credit Reports. To order a free copy of your credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call
toll-free at (877) 322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O.
Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three national credit bureaus provide free annual credit reports
only through the website, toll-free number or request form.
When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the
“inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill
under names other than their store or commercial names. The credit bureau will be able to tell you when
that is the case. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such
as home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit
bureau at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign of possible
identity theft. You should notify the credit bureaus of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error
or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected.
If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate credit bureau by
telephone and in writing.


Fraud Alerts. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit
file. A fraud alert alerts you of an attempt by an unauthorized person to open a new credit account in your
name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice
that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to
verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a free fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one
of the toll-free fraud numbers provided below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows
you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three credit bureaus. You can also place a fraud alert on your
credit report online at the websites listed below for Equifax and Experian and via email for TransUnion at
fvad@transunion.com.
Equifax                               Experian                               TransUnion
Consumer Fraud Division               P.O. Box 1017                          P.O. Box 2000
P.O. Box 740256                       Allen, Texas 75013                     Chester, Pennsylvania 19022-2000
Atlanta, Georgia 30374                888-397-3742                           800-680-7289
800-525-6285 or 888-766-0008          www.experian.com	                      www.transunion.com
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com	

Police Report. If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or account statements, or have reason
to believe that your personal information is being misused, contact your local law enforcement authorities
immediately and file a police report. You have the right to request a copy of the police report and should
retain it for further use, as many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of potential
fraudulent debts.
Consulting the FTC. In addition to your state Attorney General, you can contact the FTC to learn more
about how to protect yourself from identity theft:
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/
