                         EMAIL NOTICE TO USERS RE: PASSWORD RESET

                                             September 2, 2015


                             Important Security Notice About Your Password

ReverbNation was recently contacted by law enforcement and alerted that an individual had illegally sought to
gain unauthorized access to some of our customer’s user data. In January 2014, an individual, who has since
been identified and charged, illegally accessed a ReverbNation vendor’s computer systems and ultimately
gained unauthorized access to user information contained in a backup of our database.

No credit card data of any kind was accessed. ReverbNation never retains your credit or debit card
information in our database, so that information was not exposed. ReverbNation takes data security very
seriously and we have taken steps to further secure our system against any such breaches.

While no credit card data was accessed, some user information included in the database such as e-mail
addresses and encrypted passwords, and possibly other user information users provided to us, such as names,
addresses, phone numbers, and/or dates of birth may have been accessed.

Although your password was encrypted it is possible for a person with enough computing power to guess an
encrypted password by testing particularly weak or obvious passwords. As a precaution, we have reset your
ReverbNation password. Please follow the instructions below to create a new account password. You should
also change your password on any other accounts or websites which share your previous ReverbNation
password. For additional help with password security, we also recommend password management tools like
1Password and LastPass.

How to Create a New ReverbNation Password

   •    Click “Set Password” and confirm that you arrive at a www.reverbnation.com domain.
   •   Then create a new password. Please do not reuse your existing password, or any password currently in
       use on another website or account.
   •   You should immediately receive a ReverbNation email notifying you of the password change.

For your own security, please remember not to provide personal information in response to any electronic
communications regarding security breaches. We also have included additional information about how to
protect your privacy here.

Thank you for your attention and we appreciate your assistance in securing your personal information. If you
have any further questions, please contact us via e-mail us at privacy@reverbnation.com.

We apologize for the inconvenience. We thank you for being part of the ReverbNation community, and we
appreciate the continued opportunity to serve you.

                                    Respectfully,

                                    Michael Doernberg
                                    Chief Executive Officer
                                    ReverbNation
  ADDITIONAL WEBSITE INFORMATION LINKED FROM EMAIL TO HELP PROTECT PRIVACY

ReverbNation is committed to protecting your privacy. Although the security breach did not impact your
payment card information, in an abundance of caution, we want to provide you with additional information
below to help protect your financial and other personal records.

Obtain a copy of your free credit report. You may also obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of
the three major credit reporting bureaus once every 12 months by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com, calling
toll-free (877) 322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual
Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, Georgia 30348. You may purchase a copy of your
credit report by contacting one of the three major credit reporting bureaus above.

Monitor your credit reports and account statements. Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your
initial credit reports, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recommends that you remain vigilant by monitoring
your credit reports and account statements periodically. Doing so can help you spot problems and address them
quickly. We also recommend that you place a fraud alert on your credit report. A fraud alert is free of charge
and easy to place. You may contact toll-free any one of the three major credit bureaus listed below. As soon as
one bureau confirms your report, the others are simultaneously notified on your behalf.

       Equifax, PO Box 740256, Atlanta, GA 30374, www.equifax.com, (888) 766-0008
       Experian, PO Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com, (888) 397-3742
       TransUnion, PO Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022-2000, www.transunion.com, (800) 680-7289

You should also promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidents of identity theft to the
appropriate law enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the FTC.

Additional Resources. You can find additional information to help protect yourself from identity theft,
including information about fraud alerts and security freezes, by contacting one of the three major credit
bureaus listed above, or by visiting the FTC’s website at www.ftc.gov/idtheft, by calling 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-
877-438-4338), or by writing to the Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, Washington, DC
20580.

   •   Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on
       how to avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an e-mail to
       idtheft@oag.state.md.us, by calling (888) 743-0023, or by writing to the Maryland Office of the
       Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division, 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202.

   •   North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney
       General at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling (877) 566-7226, or by writing to the North Carolina Office
       of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699.

   •   Wisconsin residents may submit a written request to ReverbNation to learn the personal information
       that may have been acquired.

If you have any questions or if you would like additional information regarding this cyberattack you may
contact us e-mail us at privacy@reverbnation.com, call (877) 202-8667, Monday through Friday, 8:30 am –
5:00 pm EST, or write us at P.O. Box 2086, Durham, NC 27702.
