Epic Foods dba Bistro Burger (Market Street)–Legal Notice of Potential Security Incident (4.16.15)

We recently confirmed that unauthorized individuals or entities installed malicious software on computer
systems used to process credit card transactions at our Market Street Bistro Burger location, located at
865 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. The incident may have compromised payment card data of
visitors that made payment card purchases at the Market Street location between January 4, 2015 and
March 13, 2015, including name, payment card account number, card expiration date and security code.
While we do not know whether a particular customer’s personal information has been or will be misused,
as a precaution we are providing this notice to tell customers about the incident and call their attention to
some steps they may take to help protect themselves.

We sincerely regret any frustration or concern this incident may cause. We have taken steps to help
prevent this type of incident from recurring at our restaurant. We contained the incident by replacing the
computer server that was targeted by the malicious software and replacing the firewall protection for our
servers.

We want to make customers aware of steps they can take to guard against identity theft or fraud. At this
time, we recommend that customers review their credit and debit card account statements as soon as
possible in order to determine if there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. Customers should
continue to monitor their statements for unusual activity going forward. If they see anything they do not
understand or that looks suspicious, or if they suspect that any fraudulent transactions have taken place,
they should call the bank that issued their credit or debit card immediately.

If you believe you may have been affected by this incident and have additional questions or concerns, you
may call 510-306-7719 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 5:00 PM (Pacific Time), Monday through
Friday. Again, we are sorry that this incident occurred and for any worry it may cause our customers.
