                                    SCHUERING ZIMMERMAN
                                        & DOYLE, LLP
                                                Attorneys at Law
400 University Avenue                                                                    Leo H. Schuering, Jr.
Sacramento, CA 95825-6502                                                               Robert H. Zimmerman
(916) 567-0400                                                                               Thomas J. Doyle*
FAX: 568-0400                                                                         Lawrence Scott Giardina*
                                                                                             Keith D. Chidlaw
Website: www.szs.com                                DATE                                Dominique A. Pollara*
                                                                                        Theodore D. Poppinga
                                                                                              Glenn M. Holley
                                                                                                     Kat Todd
                                                                                            Erik M. Aanestad*
                                                                                              Jason S. Barnas*
       FIELD(prefix) FIELD(first) FIELD(Last)                                             Michael J. Campbell
                                                                                            Chad C. Couchot*
       FIELD(address)                                                                      James R. Cummins
                                                                                              Christian Koster
       FIELD(city)                                                                          Andrew S. Larsen
                                                                                         Matthew B. Robinson
                                                                                            David J. Van Dam
                                                                                            Preston R. Young

       Re:     Notification of Privacy Breach                                              *Also admitted in Nevada


       Dear FIELD(Prefix) FIELD(last):                                                Steven T. Scully (1948-1994)


       Our office represents Eureka Internal Medicine. We want to assure you that the security,
       confidentiality, integrity and privacy of patient personal information are highly valued by
       Eureka Internal Medicine. We are writing you because of a possible disclosure of your
       personally identifiable information.

       From about September 25, 2013, until about October 9, 2013, when it was discovered, a
       janitorial service for Eureka Internal Medicine, was mixing paper recycling containing
       patient information with the regular trash at night, instead of moving it to the locked
       shredding bin, where it belonged. As a result, the paper containing patient information
       was thrown out with the regular trash, which was picked up and handled by the waste
       management company in the usual manner, instead of locked in a shred bin until picked
       up for secure shredding. We have no way of knowing if any of your personal health
       information was included in the special recycle bins during the time they were emptied
       in the regular trash. Information that may have been in the recycle bins includes:

                       Full Name,
                       Social Security Number,
                       Insurance plan information, and
                       Medical information.

       We believe there is a very low likelihood that any of this information was obtained by
       others and do not believe you need to be concerned. However, you should take the
       following steps to protect your credit, including:

       1.      Obtain a copy of your credit report. Review it for any suspicious activity.
FIELD(prefix) FIELD(first) FIELD(Last)
August 5, 2013
Page 2


2.          Contact your bank. Even if there has been no suspicious activity on your credit
            reports, you should contact your bank and alert them of the incident. Different
            banks have proactive methods of preventing fraudulent transactions before they
            occur.
3.          Contact the Federal Trade Commission and Review Website Information for
            Additional Recommended Action. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) website
            contains important additional information that can further assist you in protecting
            your identity and credit.
4.          If you discover any suspicious activity. You may contact the Internal Revenue
            Service Identity Protection Unit (IRSIPU) and file an Identity Theft Affidavit notifying
            them that you have been the victim or a potential victim of identity theft and
            requesting that they mark your account to identify any questionable activity. The
            Internal Revenue Service Identity Protection Unit can be contacted at the following:
            IRSIPU at www.irs.gov/privacy/article/0,,id=186436,00.html or call 1-800-908-4490.

Eureka Internal Medicine sincerely apologizes for this breach of protected personal and
health information. The circumstances that resulted in this breach were unforseen and
Eureka Internal Medicine assures you that the office and janitorial staff have been
instructed on the proper procedures and safeguards to prevent an recurrence of this
situation.

If you have any questions concerning this breach, please contact the attorney listed
below. Our toll free telephone number is (888) 233-2305.

Very truly yours,

SCHUERING ZIMMERMAN
& DOYLE, LLP



Christian Koster

CK:slb
4003/9572
