    [Company Logo]

    [Return Address]
    [Date]


    [Insert Recipient’s Name]
    [Insert Address]
    [Insert City, State, Zip]

Dear [Name ]:

Evolution Nature Corp., d/b/a The Evolution Store (“Evolution”), is writing to inform you of a data
incident that may affect the security of your personal information. We are unaware of any actual or
attempted misuse of your personal information but are nevertheless providing notice of this incident
to you so that you may take steps to monitor your identity and accounts should you feel it is
necessary to do so.

Evolution received a complaint of credit-card fraud from a customer and immediately initiated a
thorough investigation, supported by a top-tier and globally recognized third-party data forensics
expert, Stroz Friedberg, LLC (“Stroz”). During this investigation, on September 16, 2014, Stroz
confirmed that the administrative section of Evolution’s e-commerce site was accessed by
unauthorized IP addresses using administrative credentials, and that customer order information was
exposed. Stroz and Evolution's teams are working aggressively to secure the e-commerce system
and ensure that customer payments are protected.

While our investigation into the matter is ongoing, we’ve identified that your name, email address,
phone number, billing address, shipping address, order information, and credit/debit card data
(including card number, CVV number, and expiration date) were exposed to those accessing the e-
commerce site from unauthorized IP addresses.

We take the security of your personal information very seriously. In addition to launching an
investigation into the matter and providing notice of this matter to you, we are reviewing our
policies, procedures and employee education. We immediately changed all user login and
passwords, and blocked access to our e-commerce site login to all but a few authorized IP addresses.
We are also providing notice of this incident to certain state regulators.

Additionally, Evolution has retained AllClear ID to protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to
you. These identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any
time during the next 12 months.

        AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help
         protecting your identity. You are automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action
         required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call ____________ and a dedicated
         investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure




4845-0630-5055.1
         your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear maintains an A+ rating at the
         Better Business Bureau.

        AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring
         and a $1 million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to
         provide your personal information to AllClear ID. You may sign-up online at
         enroll.allclearid.com, or by phone by calling ________ using the following redemption code:
         [«Redemption_Codes ».] To enroll in this free additional service, you will need to provide
         your personal information to AllClear ID.

To further protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain
vigilant, to review your account statements, and to monitor your credit reports for suspicious
activity. Under U.S. law, you are entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the three
major credit bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call,
toll-free, 1-877-322-8228. You may also contact the three major credit bureaus directly to request a
free copy of your credit report.

At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your file that alerts
creditors to take additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name. Note,
however, that because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay
your ability to obtain credit while the agency verifies your identity. As soon as one credit bureau
confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts on your file. Should you wish
to place a fraud alert, or should you have any questions regarding your credit report, please contact
any one of the agencies listed below. Information regarding security freezes is also available from
these agencies.

                 Equifax                    Experian                    TransUnion
             P.O. Box 105069              P.O. Box 2002                P.O. Box 2000
            Atlanta, GA 30348            Allen, TX 75013             Chester, PA 19022-2000
               800-525-6285               888-397-3742                  800-680-7289
             www.equifax.com             www.experian.com             www.transunion.com

You can also further educate yourself regarding identity theft, security freezes, and the steps you can
take to protect yourself, by contacting the Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade
Commission can be reached at: 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580,
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338); TTY: 866-653-4261.
The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been
misused to file a complaint with them. For North Carolina residents, you can obtain information
about preventing identity theft from the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office: the Attorney
General can be contacted by mail at 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001; toll-free at
1-877-566-7226; by phone at 1-919-716-6400; and online at www.ncdoj.gov. You can also obtain
further information on how to file such a complaint by way of the contact information listed above.
You should report known or suspected identity theft or fraud to law enforcement.

We apologize for any concern or inconvenience this incident may cause you and encourage you to
take advantage of the product outlined herein. We've established a confidential inquiry line staffed



4845-0630-5055.1
with representatives familiar with this incident and protecting against identity theft or fraud. You
may contact the confidential inquiry line with questions about the incident, the product being offered
to you, or ways to protect against identity theft and fraud by calling XXXXXXXX, between XXX
and XXX from XXX a.m. to XXX p.m. X.S.T. and referencing the following engagement code:
XXXXX.

Sincerely,



Evolution Store Signature and Salutation




4845-0630-5055.1
