    Insert logo here and remove the box                                              Your identity is protected.
                                                                                     If you suspect identity theft, simply call
 Processing Center · P.O Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024                                AllClear ID will work to recover financial losses and
                                                                                     restore your credit.
          [First_Name] [Last_Name]                                                   No sign up required. This letter is your proof of identity
          [Address_Line_1]                                                           protection coverage for 12 months.
          [Address_Line_2]
          [City], [State] [Zip]
 Dear [First_Name] [Last_Name],                                                                                             [Date]
The privacy of individual personal data is important to Exelixis. As a result, we are writing to inform you that on July 30, 2013, we
learned of a theft of company equipment that contained such data. Following an investigation, we have determined that the data may
have included your name, address, birth date, financial account number, and social security number.
Circumstances suggest that the motivation behind the theft was to obtain goods such as electronic equipment, not information. We
have not received any reports of actual access to or misuse of the data on the stolen equipment. A police report was filed, and we are
continuing to investigate the incident and consider courses of action that will reduce the risk of theft and disclosure of such
information in the future. We will also be informing the credit reporting agencies so that they may take any appropriate action.
Even though to date we have not received any reports of actual access to or misuse of information, we recommend that you monitor
your financial accounts and credit reports for fraudulent transactions and consider contacting the credit reporting agencies if you wish
to put in place a fraud alert or obtain a free copy of your credit report. If you see anything you do not recognize or understand, call the
credit agency’s number listed on the report. Examples of suspicious activity include accounts you did not open, inquiries from
creditors you did not initiate or an inaccurate home address or social security number. Contact information for the credit reporting
agencies is below should you have questions about fraud alerts or need help reading your credit report.
Equifax: 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com; P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241
Experian: 1-888-EXPERIAN (397-3742); www.experian.com; P.O. Box 9532, Allen, TX 75013
TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289; www.transunion.com; Fraud Victim Assistance Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
A fraud alert on your credit report does not affect your ability to get a loan or credit. Instead, it alerts a business that your personal
information may have been compromised and requires them to verify your identity before issuing you credit. As part of this
verification process, the business may try to contact you directly. While this may cause some short delay if you are the one applying
for the credit, it ensures that someone cannot fraudulently obtain credit in your name.
As you monitor your transaction records and credit reports, if you suspect fraudulent transactions have occurred, contact your local
law enforcement agency or the attorney general of your state. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission web site at
www.consumer.gov/idtheft contains information and tips to help individuals guard against identity theft.
As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you. The
following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any time during the next 12 months.
AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your identity. You are automatically
eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call TBD (international users can call
TBD) and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is returned
to its proper condition. AllClear ID has a 100% success rate in resolving financial identity theft issues and maintains an A+ rating at the
Better Business Bureau.
AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million identity theft insurance
policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your personal information to AllClear ID and use the following redemption
code {RedemptionCode}. You may sign-up online at enroll.allclearid.com, by mail using the enclosed mail-in registration form, or by
phone at <<Opportunity_Customer_Service_Number>>. Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate
your phone alerts and monitoring options. Mailed registrations may take up to ten (10) business days before the registration is received
and you are able to log-in to your account. AllClear Pro is not available for non-United States residents.
You may also contact us at 210 E. Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080. We truly regret the inconvenience and concern
this situation may have caused you.
Sincerely,
Frank Karbe
Chief Financial Officer
