Date

Dear:

Please read this email in its entirety.

We were recently notified that an unauthorized person attempted to access our systems. These systems store
customer information such as names, addresses, payment account numbers, and/or email addresses.

While we have no evidence that any of your personal information was accessed or misused in any manner, we
are taking appropriate precautionary measures to ensure your financial security and help alleviate concerns
you may have.


What are we doing to address this situation?

We have long employed a wide range of security measures to ensure the confidentiality of everyone’s personal
information. Since receiving notice of the attempt on December 3, 2014, we have implemented new security
measures to ensure the confidentiality of the personal information of those we serve.

That’s why Fast Forward Academy is providing you with access to highly experienced fraud specialists who are
experts in proactive services (such as identity theft resolution)—at no cost to you. Provided by IDT911, the
nation’s premier provider of identity resolution and data risk management services, you have a resource
available should you have any questions, think you may have a problem, or in the unlikely event that you
become an identity theft victim. Access to this service will last for a full year and will include:

       Unlimited access to a fraud specialist via toll-free number
       Assistance with placement of a fraud alert, if necessary
       Notification and communication with credit bureaus, creditors and collectors, government agencies, and
        relevant parties, as necessary
       Credit monitoring, if you would like it
       All phone calls and documentation needed to resolve identity fraud, should you become a victim
       Comprehensive case file creation to assist law enforcement, if necessary

To obtain additional information about these services, please call the IDT911 help line at 1-866-717-9429 and
supply the fraud specialist with your unique code. <code>

What can I do on my own to address this situation?

If you choose not to use these services, we recommend notifying your payment card’s issuing bank to inform
them that your account may be at an increased risk for fraud and so that they can flag your account. We also
encourage you to monitor your account(s) closely for any suspicious activity and to notify your financial
institution immediately if you notice any unauthorized transactions.

Additional information and support resources are available through the nonprofit Identity Theft Resource Center
at www.idtheftcenter.org, by calling (858) 693-7935, or via e-mail at itrc@idtheftcenter.org. Alternatively, the
Federal Trade Commission offers resources, and they can be reached by phone at (202) 326-2222, by mail at 600
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, or via their website at www.ftc.gov.

In addition, you have the option to do the following:

    If you choose to place a fraud alert on your own, you will need to contact one of the three major credit
    agencies directly at:

       Experian (1-888-397-3742)
       Equifax (1-800-525-6285)
       Transunion (1-800-680-7289)

    Also, should you wish to obtain a credit report and monitor it on your own:

       IMMEDIATELY obtain free copies of your credit report and monitor them upon receipt for any
        suspicious activity.    You can obtain your free copies by going to the following website:
        www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling them toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. (Hearing impaired
        consumers can access their TDD service at 1-877-730-4204.)
       Upon receipt of your credit report, we recommend that you review it carefully for any suspicious
        activity.
       Be sure to report any suspicious activity promptly to IDT911.


What if I want to speak with you regarding this incident?

Please call the IDT911 help line at 1-866-717-9429. Someone is available to speak with you Monday through
Friday between the hours of 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST.


At Fast Forward Academy, we take our responsibilities to protect your information very seriously. We sincerely
regret any inconvenience this may cause you.

Sincerely,

Fast Forward Academy
