        Processing Center · P.O Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024




                                                                                                             June 12, 2014
             John Q Sample
             123 Main Street
             Anytown, US 12345-6789





    Dear John Q Sample,

    Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (“FNF”) is writing to inform you of an incident that may have involved your personal
    information. FNF is the parent company of the Fidelity National Title Group title companies, including Fidelity
    National Title Insurance Company, Alamo Title Insurance, Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company, and
    Chicago Title Insurance Company, which provide title insurance and real estate settlement services across the
    country. Upon learning of the incident, FNF promptly notified federal law enforcement and began an investigation.
    FNF retained a third-party security expert to conduct a forensic investigation, which remains ongoing.

    Through our ongoing investigation, we have learned that some of your personal information, including SSN and
    driver's license number, may have been accessible during the incident. The investigation has revealed no evidence that
    your personal information was accessed or acquired during the incident, but the investigation also cannot rule out this
    possibility based on the evidence available. Our third-party security expert has advised us that the incident was not
    designed to access or acquire large volumes of personal information. As a result of this information from our
    third-party security expert, we believe the risk to you associated with the incident is low. Nevertheless, we want to
    inform you of steps you may take to guard against identity theft or fraud. Please review the enclosed Information
    about Identity Theft Protection.

    As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you.
    The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice, and you can use them at any time during the
    next 12 months.

         AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your
         identity. You are automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your part. If a
         problem arises, simply call AllClear ID and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover any financial              *0103000000*
         losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear ID
         maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

         AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million
         identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your personal information to
                                                                                                                               0103000000




         AllClear ID. You may sign-up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone by calling AllClear ID using the
         redemption code: 9999999999. Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your
         phone alerts and monitoring options.




    
We take the protection of your personal information seriously. We have taken and will continue to take steps to
reduce the likelihood of a similar occurrence. If you have further questions or concerns about this incident or the
AllClear ID Services, you can contact the FNF Incident Response Line at 1-855-865-4454. We sincerely regret any
inconvenience or concern caused by this incident.

Sincerely,



Paul I. Perez
Chief Compliance Officer
Fidelity National Financial
                                            Information about Identity Theft Prevention

We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from one or more of
the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by
calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to:
Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report
by contacting one or more of the three national credit reporting agencies listed below.

    Equifax, P.O. Box105139, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Look for accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not initiate or do not
recognize. Look for information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you see anything you do
not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and promptly report any
suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your
state’s attorney general and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority
to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.

    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft

    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the Maryland
    Office of the Attorney General:

         Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
         200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us

    For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.

    For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the North
    Carolina Attorney General’s Office:

         North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
         9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on notice that you
may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your credit report if
you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90
days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate
documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report
by calling the toll-free fraud number of any of the three national credit reporting agencies listed below.

      Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
      Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
      TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com

Credit Freezes (for Non-Massachusetts Residents): You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on
                                                                                                                                                       *0203000000*
your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate
a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you
place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily
lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift
and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit
                                                                                                                                                 0203000000




freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately
place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ
from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find out more information:

      Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
      Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
      TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com

You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national credit reporting
agencies listed above.
Credit Freezes (for Massachusetts Residents): Massachusetts law gives you the right to place a security freeze on your consumer
reports. A security freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your consent.
Using a security freeze, however, may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may request that a freeze be placed on your credit report
by sending a request to a credit reporting agency by certified mail, overnight mail or regular stamped mail to the address below:

      Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
      Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
      TransUnion, LLC, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA, 19022-2000, www.transunion.com

Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. The following
information should be included when requesting a security freeze (documentation for you and your spouse must be submitted when
freezing a spouse’s credit report): full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; Social Security number; date of birth (month, day and
year); current address and previous addresses for the past five (5) years; and applicable fee (if any) or incident report or complaint with
a law enforcement agency or the Department of Motor Vehicles. The request should also include a copy of a government-issued
identification card, such as a driver’s license, state or military ID card, and a copy of a utility bill, bank or insurance statement. Each
copy should be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue (statement dates must be recent). The credit
reporting company may charge a reasonable fee of up to $5 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are a victim of identity
theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft to the credit reporting
company.
                                                   Terms of Use for AllClear Secure

If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial
losses and restore your identity. Benefits include:
   x Automatic 12 months of coverage;
   x No cost to you – ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation
services (“Services”) to help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are
determined at the sole discretion of AllClear ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear
Secure is not an insurance policy, and AllClear ID will not make payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or
expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
You are automatically protected for 12 months from the date the breach incident occurred, as communicated in the breach notification
letter you received from Company (the “Coverage Period”). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are not covered
by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AllClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the
terms herein, you must be a citizen eighteen (18) years of age or older, reside in the United States, and have a valid U.S. Social Security
number. Minors under eighteen (18) years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The Services cover
only you and your personal financial and medical accounts that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social Security number,
including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other financial accounts and/or medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
  x Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8075 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period;
  x Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from the
    sponsor Company;
  x Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may reasonably
    require;
  x Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies of all
    available investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law enforcement
    agencies, relating to the alleged theft.
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
 x Due to
      o Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
      o Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by any of
        your authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your
        “Misrepresentation”)
 x Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
 x In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage period.
Other Exclusions:
 x AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation fees
   of any service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to determine
   its validity;                                                                                                                                    *0303000000*
 x AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments or
   reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur;
 x AllClear ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve your
   credit history or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud; and
 x You are expected to protect your personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, you will not recklessly disclose
                                                                                                                                              0303000000




   or publish your Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected to improperly
   use or disclose that Personal Information, such as, by way of example, in response to “phishing” scams, unsolicited emails, or pop-
   up messages seeking disclosure of personal information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear
ID:

              E-mail                                  Mail                                   Phone
              support@allclearid.com                  AllClear ID, Inc.                      1.855.434.8077
                                                      823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                      Austin, Texas 78701
