                                                                             Maureen Maginn
                                                                             Senior Vice President
                                                                             Deposit Services



[DATE]



[CLIENT NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE ZIP]

       RE:    Account Security

Dear [CLIENT]:

We at First Republic take client privacy and security very seriously and regularly review
procedures to ensure that they meet our highest standards. We are writing to you about an
instance that did not, regrettably, meet these high standards.

Specifically, on August 2, 2012, certain data were discarded in a way that did not adhere to our
strict data disposal requirements. This data included client names, account types and numbers
and tax payer identification/social security numbers. While we do not have any indication that
your data, or any data, have been compromised in any way, we want to make you aware of this
so that we can take steps together to ensure continued protection of your account(s). We have
also enhanced our controls regarding the protection of client data.

We sincerely regret this situation and any inconvenience it could cause you. We immediately put
an internal alert on your account(s) and they will be monitored for unusual activity. Your
account(s) are still active and you can go about your banking as you always have, but we ask that
you also keep an eye out for anything unusual related to your account(s). Again, we are not
expecting anything untoward, but we want to remain vigilant.

As a best practice, we encourage you to contact the consumer credit reporting agencies and place
a fraud alert and, if available, a credit freeze on your credit reports. Once you place the fraud
alert in your file, you are entitled to order free copies of your credit reports at any time. Review
these carefully; look for inquiries from companies you haven't contacted, accounts you did not
open, and charges that are suspicious. A credit freeze will restrict access to your credit reports;
potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to access your report unless you
temporarily (or permanently) lift the freeze.
CREDIT
     T REPORTIN
              NG AGENC
                     CIES:

                     Equifax         www.eq
                                          quifax.com          800-5225-6285

                     Experian        www.ex
                                          xperian.com
                                                    m         888-3997-3742

                     TransUnion      www.trransunion.coom     800-6880-7289

We are available
       a         to talk with you
                                u about this and
                                             a can be reeached at 1--877-883-80778 from 5 amm to
9 pm Moonday throug gh Friday, 6 am to 8 pm on Saturdayy and 7 am too 5 pm on Suunday, all Paacific
Time.

We again
       n apologize profusely
                   p         forr any inconv
                                           venience thiss may cause..

Sincerely
        y,
