February 25, 2013

Dear Valued Client:

We were recently notified by our data service provider that a back-up tape containing certain of
your personal information including account number(s), account balances, taxpayer
identification number, and social security number was stolen on February 1, 2013. This theft did
not occur at our Bank nor did it involve any of our employees. While we have no reason to
believe your personal information has been, or will be compromised, we wanted to notify you of
the incident and outline the steps we are taking to respond to this security breach.

First, the appropriate law enforcement authorities and regulatory agencies have been notified. A
thorough investigation of the breach has been conducted and a data forensic expert retained to
review the types of information that may have been compromised. In addition, our data service
provider has implemented additional security measures designed to prevent a recurrence of such
an incident.

You can be assured that protecting the privacy of our customers is a responsibility we take very
seriously. Therefore as a precaution, and to help you detect any possible misuse of your personal
information, we are offering free credit monitoring to you for a 12-month period.

We have engaged Experian to provide you with their ProtectMyID Alert product, which includes
daily monitoring of your credit reports from three national credit reporting companies (Experian,
Equifax and TransUnion), daily monitoring and alerts of key changes to your credit reports, and
additional services. To learn more about ProtectMyID Alert and activate your membership, go to
www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call (877) 371-7902. You have until May 31, 2013 to enroll
using activation code (CODE). This code is unique for your use and should not be shared.

Even if you decide not to register for the credit monitoring, we recommend that you remain
vigilant over your financial matters and accounts. Among other things, you should consider:

          Periodically change your bank-related password, in accordance with best practices.

          Regularly review statements from your accounts and promptly report incidents of
           suspected identity theft to us and to proper law enforcement authorities, including the
           Federal Trade Commission (FTC). You have the right to obtain a police report if you
           are the victim of identity theft.              Please visit the FTC's web site,
           http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0014-identity-theft or call 1-877-ID-
           THEFT, to learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft.

          Never share confidential information, such as your social security number, with
           unauthorized individuals.
            Periodically obtain your credit report from each nationwide credit reporting agency,
             and if you have any concerns place a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert puts
             your creditors on notice that you may be a victim of fraud and tells creditors to
             contact you before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. To
             place a fraud alert, contact any one of the following three national credit reporting
             agencies:
              Equifax                           Experian                    TransUnion
              Phone: 800-525-6285               Phone: 888-397-3742         Phone: 800-680-7289

              P.O. Box 105069                   P.O. Box 9532               P.O. Box 6790
              Atlanta, GA 30348-5069            Allen, TX 75013             Fullerton, CA 92634-6790

              http://www.equifax.com/answers/   https://www.experian.com/   https://fraud.transunion.com
              set-fraud-alerts/en_cp            fraud/center_rd.html


             As soon as one credit bureau confirms a fraud alert, the other credit reporting
             agencies are notified to place fraud alerts as well. All three credit reports will be sent
             to you, free of charge, for your review. You should also periodically obtain a copy of
             your credit report by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com also a free service, and
             have information relating to fraudulent transactions deleted.

We greatly value you as a customer of First National Bank of Southern California and sincerely
regret that this incident has occurred. The protection of your personal information is the highest
priority of the Bank and we will continue to monitor the situation and keep you informed if there
are any changes about which you should be aware. If you have any questions or concerns, please
contact our Central Operations Representatives at (800) 785-5991.

Sincerely,

Jeffrey M. Watson


Jeffrey M. Watson
President and Chief Executive Officer
