[DAT
   TE]

Dear [INDIVIDUA
     [        AL NAME]:

Thank
    k you for yourr continued sup
                                pport of Floraa Springs and ppassion for ouur wines.

We grreatly value yo our business and
                                   a respect thee privacy of yoour informatioon, which is w   why we are
writin
     ng to inform yo ou that our connsumer direct sales systemss provider, Miissing Link Neetworks, Inc.,
(“Missing Link”) no  otified us on May
                                   M 29, 2015 of a security iincident involvving credit annd debit card
data. Missing Link  k has advised us
                                   u that during the window o f April 1, 2015 to April 30, 2015, a third
party might have gaained access to  o certain perso
                                                  onal informati on, including customer nam   mes, card
numbers, related paayment addresses, password    ds, and dates o f birth. We arre working prooactively and
aggresssively with Missing
                    M        Link too address the issue.
                                                   i       Missinng Link has nootified the creddit and debit
card companies
     c            and
                    d supplied them m detailed info
                                                  formation on thhe affected accounts, and w  we’ve been
assureed that these accounts are beeing monitored  d for fraud. TThey have alsoo assured us thhat the securityy
breachh has been con ntained, and cuustomers may  y safely use theeir credit and debit cards.

That said,
     s     it has beeen recommend ded we advise you to log intto your Flora S  Springs accouunt and updatee
your password.
     p           We also encourag ge you to mon nitor your creddit and debit caard accounts aand notify youur
bank if
     i you notice any
                    a suspiciouss activity. It sh
                                                hould be notedd that Flora Spprings is only oone of many
Missin
     ng Link clientts that have beeen affected, so
                                                 o it’s possiblee that you mayy receive simillar notificationns
from other
     o      wineriess.

To date, we have no ot received any
                                  y customer nootifications reggarding frauduulent activity. Additionally,
Missinng Link Networks has taken  n aggressive action to upgraade its securityy, including m
                                                                                           making a sizablle
investtment in system
                    m enhancemen  nts.

We hiighly value thee privacy and security of yo   our informationn, so we encouurage you to cconsult the
attach
     hed information concerning additional step      ps you can takke to protect yyour credit, your accounts,
and yoour identity; you
                     y also should    d notify your credit
                                                     c     card com mpany or finaancial institutioon to
determ
     mine what add   ditional securitty or other prootective measuures can be plaaced on your aaccount or if
you no otice any susppicious activitiies. In additio
                                                   on, Missing Liink offers you a number of ooptions to
protecct your inform
                   mation. Compllete details on Missing Linkk’s initial notiffication, and aany public
updatees regarding th he ongoing inv  vestigation onn its website att www.ecellarr1.com/faq. M  Missing Link
has also suggested Identity
                      I        Theft Resource Cen   nter (ITRC) ass a resource foor customers, w which has
repressented it will provide
                     p        toll-freee, no cost cou
                                                    unseling to heelp resolve frauudulent chargees and providee
suppoort and counselling in the insttance of identity theft, if anyy. Please conntact itrc@idthheftcenter.org
for moore informatio on.

We sincerely apolog  gize for any innconvenience that this inciddent may causee you. If you hhave any
furtheer questions please call us att 1-800-913-11
                                                 118 or visit ww ww.florasprinngs.com. This type of
incideent has becomee all too comm mon in our cullture and we loook forward too putting it beehind us and
getting on with the joy
                     j of celebraating life with friends and faamily over a grreat glass of wwine!

Sincerrely,

    y Werle
Kenny
Wine Club Directorr
                                    ADDITIONA
                                            AL INFORM
                                                    MATION

Revieew Your Acco   ount Statemen   nts and Notify
                                                 fy Law Enforccement of Suspicious Activvity
We reecommend thaat you contact your credit orr debit card isssuer to determ   mine whether a new card
should d be issued an
                    nd whether add ditional levels of security orr protective meeasures shouldd be placed onn
the acccount. We alsso recommend   d that you rem
                                                main vigilant bby reviewing yyour account statements andd
credit reports closelly, and that yo
                                   ou should not provide
                                                  p       personnal informatioon in response to suspicious
emailss, especially in
                     ncluding thosee from an unkn nown source/ssender. If youu detect any suuspicious
activitty on an accouunt, you should promptly no otify the financcial institutionn or company with which thhe
accouunt is maintained. You shou   uld also prompptly report anyy fraudulent acctivity or any ssuspected
incideence of identity
                     y theft to prop
                                   per law enforcement authoriities, your statte attorney genneral, and/or
the Feederal Trade Commission.
                    C               In
                                    I Massachuseetts, you have the right to obbtain a police report if you
are a victim
       v      of identity theft.

Copy of Credit Reeport
You may
     m obtain a free fr copy of yo our credit repo
                                                 ort from each oof the three m
                                                                             major credit repporting
agencies once every  y 12 months by visiting httpp://www.annuaalcreditreport..com, calling ttoll-free 877-
322-8228, or by com   mpleting an Annual
                                  A        Credit Report
                                                  R      Reque st Form and m mailing it to A
                                                                                           Annual Credit
Reporrt Request Serrvice, P.O. Box x 105281, Atlanta, GA 303448. The FTC advises that yyou do not
contacct the three naationwide cred
                                  dit reporting co
                                                 ompanies indivvidually, becaause they are pproviding free
annuaal credit reportts only through
                                   h www.annualcreditreport.ccom, 1-877-3222- 8228 or mailing to
Annuaal Credit Repo  ort Request Seervice.

Upon receipt of you  ur credit reporrt, we recommmend that you rreview the “innquiries,” sectiion for names
     y creditors from
of any               m whom you have not requested credit, aand the “personnal informatioon,” section foor
any in
     naccuracies. Any
                    A unusual acctivity or information couldd be a sign of ppotential identtify theft. If
you obbserve such in nformation, co ontact the cred
                                                  dit bureau listeed at the top off the report. Y
                                                                                                Your credit
reportt will be review
                     wed by the bu  ureau staff with
                                                   h you, and if aany informatioon cannot be eexplained, youu
may need
     n      to contactt the creditors involved

                   n for the three national credit reporting aggencies is beloow:
Contaact information
Equiffax                                Experian                       TranssUnion
P.O. Box
     B 740241                           P.O. Boxx 2104                 P.O. BBox 2000
Atlantta, Georgia 30
                   0374                 Allen, TX
                                                X 75013                Chesteer, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111 (geeneral)               1-888-3997-3742                1-800--888-4213 (geeneral)
1-888-766-0008 (fraud alert)            www.exp perian.com             1-800--680-7289 (identity theft annd
1-800-685-1111 (seecurity freeze))                                     fraud)
www..equifax.com                                                       www.ttransunion.com m

Fraud d Alert
You may
     m also want to consider pllacing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraaud alert is free
and will
    w state on yo   our credit file for
                                    f at least 90 days. The aleert informs creeditors of posssible fraudulennt
activitty within yourr report and requests that thee creditor conttact you prior to establishinng any accountts
in you
     ur name. To place
                    p      a fraud alert
                                   a     on your crredit report, coontact any of tthe three credit reporting
agencies identified above.

Securrity Freeze
In som
     me U.S. states,, you have thee right to put a security free on your creditt file. This wiill prevent neww
credit from being op  pened in your name withoutt the use of a P  PIN number thhat is issued too you when
     nitiate the freeze. A security
you in                             y freeze is dessigned to preveent potential ccreditors from
                                                                                             m accessing youur
credit report withou ut your consennt. As a result, using a securrity freeze maay interfere with or delay
your ability
     a        to obtaiin credit. You
                                   u must separattely place a seccurity freeze oon your credit file with eachh
credit reporting ageency. Addition nally, if you reequest a securrity freeze from
                                                                                m a consumer reporting
agency there may be a fee of up to t $5 to place, lift, or removve the securityy freeze. In ordder to place a
securiity freeze, you
                    u may be requiired to providee the consumeer reporting aggency with infformation that
identifies you includ ding your full name, Social Security num mber, date of birth, current annd previous
addressses, a copy off your state-issued identificaation card, andd a recent utility bill, bank sstatement or
insuraance statementt.

Addittional Free Reesources on Identity
                                  I         Theftt
Finally, you may wish to review thet tips provid ded by the Fedderal Trade Coommission onn how to avoidd
identitty theft. For more
                     m    informattion, please vissit http://www
                                                               w.ftc.gov/idtheeft or call 1-8777-ID-THEFT T
(877-4438-4338). A copy of Takin   ng Charge Wh  hat to Do If Y our Identity Iss Stolen, a commprehensive
guide from the FTC  C to help you guard
                                  g      against and
                                                 a deal with identity theft,, can be foundd on the FTC’ss
website at http://wwww.ftc.gov/bcp p/edu/pubs/coonsumer/idthefft/idt04.shtm.

Marylland residents may wish to reviewr          mation providedd by the Maryyland Attorneyy General on
                                            inform
how to o avoid identitty theft at http
                                     p://www.oag.sstate.md.us/idttheft, or by sennding an emaiil to
idthefft@oag.statemmd.us, or callin  ng 410-576-6491.

    h Carolina resid
North               dents may wissh to review in
                                               nformation proovided by the North Carolinna Attorney
Generral at http://ww
                    ww.ncdoj.gov,, by calling 87
                                               77-566-7226, oor writing to 99001 Mail Serrvice Center,
Raleig
     gh, NC 27699.
