April ___, 2015

Dear Customer,

        We are contacting you as a precautionary measure to let you know about a data security incident
that might affect your customer information.

                                    Potential Data Security Breach

        We identified that between approximately February 11, 2015 and March 16, 2015, electronic data
may have been improperly obtained through unauthorized access to the website for MyFreedomSmokes
(“MFS”). Specifically, on March 16, 2015, we discovered unauthorized code on the website and,
although the code was encrypted, we believe that this code may have been used to obtain customer data as
customers entered the information into the site’s shopping cart while making a purchase on the website.
This data could include customer name, physical address, email address, telephone number, credit card
number, expiration date and card verification value (“CVV”) number, if provided by the customer while
placing an order with MFS through the website during the time period mentioned above. As soon as this
code was discovered, MFS removed the code and began immediate efforts to restore the security of the
website, secure customer information and determine the scope of the unauthorized access and how it
occurred. We also retained the services of a nationally recognized cyber security firm and engaged in
enhancements to the security of our website. MFS does not retain full credit card numbers or CVV
numbers of our customers. Further, although MFS’ website uses encrypted SSL links with customers and
although MFS’ card processor gateway during this period also was encrypted, MFS has changed its
process for taking orders online and has moved to an enhanced system to protect customer information.

        We have no evidence confirming that illegal use of any personal information has occurred or that
any material harm will result to any customer as a result of this incident, however, some customers have
reported fraudulent charges on their payment cards during the period noted above. Therefore, we want to
alert you of this risk and inform you of actions that you can take to help protect against identity theft.

                           Recommendations for Protecting Your Identity

   Use good judgment in not responding to emails or other inquiries by those posing as a financial
    institution or other entities seeking your personal information.
   Carefully review all account statements and, if anything seems suspicious, place a fraud alert on your
    credit file. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you before opening any new accounts or changing
    your existing accounts.
   Check your credit reports periodically. Victim information sometimes is held for use or shared
    among a group of thieves at different times. Checking your credit reports periodically can help you
    spot problems and address them quickly.

                          Steps You Can Take to Protect Your Information

   Review Your Account Statements and Notify Law Enforcement of Suspicious Activity

        As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account
statements and credit reports closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should
promptly notify the financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also
should promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law
enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).


                                                    1
                                                                                                      CA
       To file a complaint with the FTC, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call the toll-free number 1-877-
IDTHEFT (1-877-438-4338). Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft
Data Clearinghouse, which is a database made available to law enforcement agencies.

   Copy of Credit Report

         You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting
agencies once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 1-877-
322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit
Report Request Service, PO Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request form at
https://www.annualcreditreport.com/manualRequestForm.action. Or you can elect to purchase a copy of
your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies. Contact information
for the three national credit reporting agencies for the purpose of requesting a copy of your credit report
or for general inquiries is as follows:

     Equifax                           Experian                           TransUnion
     (800) 685-1111                    (888) 397-3742                     (800) 888-4213
     www.equifax.com                   www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com
     PO Box 740241                     475 Anton Blvd.                    2 Baldwin Place
     Atlanta, GA 30374                 Costa Mesa, CA 92626               PO Box 1000
                                                                          Chester, PA 19022

   Fraud Alert

         An initial fraud alert on your credit report is free and will stay on your credit file for at least 90
days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the
creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit
report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies using the contact information below:

     Equifax                           Experian                           TransUnion
     (888) 766-0008                    (888) 397-3742                     (800) 680-7289
     www.alerts.equifax.com            www.experian.com/fraud             www.transunion.com
     PO Box 740241                     475 Anton Blvd.                    PO Box 2000
     Atlanta, GA 30374                 Costa Mesa, CA 92626               Chester, PA 19022-2000

   Security Freeze

         In California, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent a
credit reporting agency from releasing your report without your express authorization. A security freeze
is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a
result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must
separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency. If you request a
security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a small fee to place, lift or remove the
security freeze.

        You can obtain information from the FTC or any of the three credit reporting agencies about
fraud alerts and security freezes using the contact information provided above.




                                                      2
                                                                                                           CA
   Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

        The FTC provides tips on how to avoid identity theft. For more information, please visit
http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338). A copy of “Taking Charge: What
to Do if Your Identity is Stolen,” a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help you guard against and
respond     to    identity     theft,     can  be     found    on    the    FTC’s     website     at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

                                  Suspicious Activity and Questions

If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports, have reason to believe your information is being
misused, or otherwise have any questions or concerns, please contact us toll-free at 855-705-4246,
8 a.m. - 5 p.m. EST, Monday through Friday.

If you provided MFS with a military APO or FPO address, please see the attached addendum for
additional information.

We apologize for any inconvenience or anxiety this may cause you. Please know that securing your
information is a priority. Finally, we thank you for being an MFS customer.

Sincerely,

Mark Schaffner, COO

Freedom Smokes, Inc.




                                                   3
                                                                                                    CA
                                              Addendum




An APO or FPO address does not indicate a military member’s legal place of residence. If you provided
MyFreedomSmokes with an APO or FPO address, please contact us as soon as possible to provide us
with your legal residence as your state’s notice requirements may differ from the information provided to
you above.




                                                   4
                                                                                                     CA
