[DATE]

[INDIVIDUAL NAME]
[STREET ADDRESS]
[CITY, STATE AND POSTAL CODE]


Dear [INDIVIDUAL NAME]:

This is in regards to an account you created by registering as a designer on either Hatchwise.com or
eLogoContest.com.

We value your business and respect the privacy of your information, which is why, as a precautionary measure, we
are writing to let you know about a data security incident that involves your personal information.

On or about August 5th, 2014, an intruder illegally gained access to a Geekface LLC server. The data accessed
included personal information such as names, addresses, birth dates, usernames and passwords, and social
security numbers. The data accessed did not include any account numbers, credit or debt card numbers or other
financial information.

Geekface LLC values your privacy and deeply regrets that this incident occurred. Geekface LLC has conducted a
thorough review of the potentially affected records/databases in order to ensure that their full integrity has been
restored. Further, we have also implemented additional security measures designed to prevent a recurrence of
such an attack, and to protect the privacy of Geekface LLC valued customers and designers. Finally, we are working
closely with law enforcement to ensure the incident is properly addressed.

As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and
credit reports closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial
institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also should promptly report any fraudulent
activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your state attorney
general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission.

To file a complaint with the FTC, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Complaints filed
with the FTC will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, which is a database made available to
law enforcement agencies.

You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies once every
12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by completing an
Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281,
Atlanta,     GA      30348.      You     can      print     a     copy      of      the    request      form      at
https://www.annualcreditreport.com/cra/requestformfinal.pdf. Or you can elect to purchase a copy of your credit
report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies. Contact information for the three national
credit reporting agencies for the purpose of requesting a copy of your credit report or for general inquiries is
provided below:

Equifax                                Experian                                TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                         (888) 397-3742                          (800) 916-8800
www.equifax.com                        www.experian.com                        www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241                        P.O. Box 9532                           P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                      Allen, TX 75013                         Fullerton, CA 92834
Additionally, you may want to consider] placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and
will stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within
your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To place a
fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies using the contact provided
above.

In some states you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new credit from being
opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the freeze. A security
freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a
result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a
security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency.

You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity theft. For more
information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). A copy of Take Charge:
Fighting Back Against Identity Theft, a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help you guard against and deal with
identity       theft,         can        be       found          on       the        FTC’s       website        at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

Please be advised, any suspected identity theft should be reported to local law enforcement agencies and/or your
state’s attorney general.

Maryland residents may also wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to
avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.stat.md.us, or
calling 410-576-6491.

North Carolina residents may also wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney General
regarding identity theft at http://www.ncdoj.gov/Help-for-Victims/ID-Theft-Victims.aspx and may contact the
North Carolina Attorney General’s office by phone at 1-877-5-NO-SCAM (1-877-566-7226), by mail at 9001 Mail
Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, or at http://www.ncdoj.gov.

For further information and assistance, please contact Geekface LLC at 1-800-303-0911 between 10 a.m.- 5 p.m.
EST Mon-Fri, or visit Hatchwise.com.

We sincerely apologize that this unfortunate event has occurred, and promise you that we are dedicated to keeping
your information secure, and giving you the great experience you have come to expect.

Sincerely,

George Ryan
CEO
Geekface LLC / Hatchwise
P.O. Box 1695
Pawcatuck CT 06379
