[Insert date], 2015

[Name]
[Address]
[City], [State] [ZIP]

Dear [Name],

We recently became aware that an unauthorized party accessed the glamglowmud.com website
and acquired certain personal information of some of our customers. After learning of the issue,
we launched an investigation and retained outside experts to help us understand the nature and
scope of the issue. Based on the investigation, we believe the incident occurred between
September 19 and September 21, 2014 and May 12 and May 15, 2015. The affected information
may have included names; addresses; telephone numbers; payment card numbers, expiration
dates and security codes; email addresses; and GlamGlow account passwords.

We regret that this incident may affect you. We take our obligation to safeguard customer
personal information very seriously and we are letting you know about this issue so you can take
steps to help protect yourself. We promptly took steps to remediate the issue and secure the site.
We are revamping our website and ask that you re-register your account with us once the new
website is live. We recommend you change your password on any other website on which you
use a password that is the same as or similar to your password for the GlamGlow website.

You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies.           To order your free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. We encourage you to remain
vigilant by reviewing your account statements and monitoring your free credit reports. In
addition, we have arranged to offer credit monitoring services to affected customers for one year
at no cost to them. The enclosed Reference Guide provides information on the credit monitoring
services and recommendations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on the protection of
personal information. If you have any questions regarding this incident, please call 1-800-219-
2031 between 9:30 am and 4:30 pm EST, Monday through Friday.

Again, we regret any inconvenience this may cause you.

Sincerely,




Reinaldo Gonzalez
General Manager
             GLAMGLOW LLC ★ 8630 Pine Tree Place ★ Hollywood ★Los Angeles ★CA 90069 ★323.481.9759
                                           Reference Guide

We encourage affected individuals to take the following steps:

Order Your Free Credit Report.                  To order your free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit
Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website at
www.consumer.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281,
Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three consumer reporting agencies provide free annual credit
reports only through the website, toll-free number or request form.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open.
Look in the “inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit.
Some companies bill under names other than their store or commercial names. The consumer
reporting agency will be able to tell you when that is the case. Look in the “personal
information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as home address and Social
Security number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the consumer reporting
agency at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign
of possible identity theft. You should notify the consumer reporting agencies of any inaccuracies
in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be
investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not
authorize, immediately notify the appropriate consumer reporting agency by telephone and in
writing. Consumer reporting agency staff will review your report with you. If the information
can’t be explained, then you will need to call the creditors involved. Information that can’t be
explained also should be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office because it may signal
criminal activity.

Register for Credit Monitoring. We have arranged with Equifax® to provide services to help
you protect your identity and your credit information for one year at no cost to you. If you
choose to take advantage of Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring, Equifax will
provide you with a notification of changes to your credit information. Equifax Credit Watch
Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring provides the following key services:

   •   Credit file monitoring and automated alerts of key changes to your Equifax, Experian and
       TransUnion credit reports;
   •   wireless and customizable alerts (available online only);
   •   one 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™;
   •   up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to
       you;
   •   24 by 7 live agent customer service to assist you in understanding the content of your
       Equifax credit information, to provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and to
       initiate an investigation of inaccurate information; and
   •   90-day fraud alert placement with automatic renewal functionality (available online
       only)

How to Enroll: You can sign up online or over the phone with the following enrollment code:
[Insert Credit Monitoring Code].



           GLAMGLOW LLC ★ 8630 Pine Tree Place ★ Hollywood ★Los Angeles ★CA 90069 ★323.481.9759
 To sign up for online delivery go to                  To sign up for U.S. Mail delivery, dial 1-866-
 www.myservices.equifax.com/tri                        937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit
 1. Welcome Page: Enter the enrollment code            Watch automated enrollment process. Note that
    provided above and click the “Submit”              all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you
    button.                                            via U.S. Mail only.
 2. Register: Complete the form with your              1. Activation Code: You will be asked to enter
    name, gender, home address, date of birth,              your enrollment code provided above.
    Social Security number and telephone               2. Customer Information: You will be asked to
    number.                                                 enter your home telephone number, home
 3. Create Account: Complete the form with                  address, name, date of birth and Social
    your email address, create a username and               Security number.
    password, check the box to accept the              3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to
    Terms of Use and click the “Continue”                   provide Equifax with your permission to
    button.                                                 access your credit file and to monitor your
 4. Verify ID: The system will then ask you up              file. Without your agreement, Equifax
    to four security questions to verify your               cannot process your enrollment.
    identity. Please answer the questions and          4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a
    click the “Submit Order” button.                        confirmation number with an explanation
 5. Order Confirmation: This page shows you                 that you will receive your Fulfillment Kit
    your completed enrollment. Please click                 via the U.S. Mail (when Equifax is able to
    the “View My Product” button to access                  verify your identity) or a Customer Care
    the product features.                                   letter with further instructions (if your
                                                            identity cannot be verified using the
                                                            information provided). Please allow up to
                                                            10 business days to receive this information.


Report Incidents. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in a financial account, promptly
notify your payment card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity
theft or fraud, promptly report the incident to law enforcement, the FTC and your state Attorney
General. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends that you take these
steps:

   •    Place an initial fraud alert.
   •    Order your credit reports.
   •    Create an FTC Identity Theft Affidavit by submitting a report about the theft at
        http://www.ftc.gov/complaint or by calling the FTC.
    • File a police report about the identity theft and get a copy of the police report or the
        report number. Bring your FTC Identity Theft Affidavit with you when you file the
        police report.
    • Your Identity Theft Report is your FTC Identity Theft Affidavit plus your police report.
        You may be able to use your Identity Theft Report to remove fraudulent information
        from your credit report, prevent companies from refurnishing fraudulent information to a
        consumer reporting agency, stop a company from collecting a debt that resulted from
        identity theft, place an extended seven-year fraud alert with consumer reporting agencies,
        and obtain information from companies about accounts the identity thief opened or
        misused.
You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of
identity theft and how to repair identity theft:
           GLAMGLOW LLC ★ 8630 Pine Tree Place ★ Hollywood ★Los Angeles ★CA 90069 ★323.481.9759
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/

Consider Placing a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible
identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you
against the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit accounts in your name. When a
merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that
the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to
verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling
any one of the toll-free numbers provided below. You will reach an automated telephone system
that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three consumer reporting agencies. For
more information on fraud alerts, you also may contact the FTC as described above.

Equifax            Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc.     1-800-525-6285        www.equifax.com
                   P.O. Box 740241
                   Atlanta, GA 30374

Experian           Experian Inc.                                 1-888-397-3742        www.experian.com
                   P.O. Box 9554
                   Allen, TX 75013

TransUnion         TransUnion LLC                                1-800-680-7289        www.transunion.com
                   P.O. Box 2000
                   Chester, PA 19022-2000



Consider Placing a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a “security
freeze” (also known as a “credit freeze”) on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to
prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit file at the consumer reporting agencies
without your consent. There may be fees for placing, lifting, and/or removing a security freeze,
which generally range from $5-$20 per action. Unlike a fraud alert, you must place a security
freeze on your credit file at each consumer reporting agency individually. For more information
on security freezes, you may contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies or the
FTC as described above. As the instructions for establishing a security freeze differ from state to
state, please contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies to find out more
information.

The consumer reporting agencies may require proper identification prior to honoring your
request. For example, you may be asked to provide:

   •      Your full name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, III)
   •      Your Social Security number
   •      Your date of birth
   •      Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
   •      A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver’s license or
          military ID card)
             GLAMGLOW LLC ★ 8630 Pine Tree Place ★ Hollywood ★Los Angeles ★CA 90069 ★323.481.9759
   •   Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill or account statement)


For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the
Attorney General about steps you can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the
Maryland Attorney General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For Massachusetts Residents. You have the right to obtain a police report and request a
security freeze as described above. The consumer reporting agencies may charge you a fee of up
to $5 to place a security freeze on your account, and may require that you provide certain
personal information (such as your name, Social Security number, date of birth, and address) and
proper identification (such as a copy of a government-issued ID card and a bill or statement)
prior to honoring your request for a security freeze. There is no charge, however, to place, lift or
remove a security freeze if you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the
consumer reporting agencies with a valid police report.

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney
General’s Office about preventing identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney
General at:

North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov




           GLAMGLOW LLC ★ 8630 Pine Tree Place ★ Hollywood ★Los Angeles ★CA 90069 ★323.481.9759
