Date

Name
Address
Address
Address

Dear Valued Customer:

We were recently made aware that certain payment card information used on our www.gotickets.com
website may have been exposed. We are notifying you that the payment card you have on file with us
(name of card and last four digits) may have been affected by this situation.

We are taking appropriate precautionary measures to ensure that this situation is resolved and to
help alleviate concerns you may have.

What Happened?
Pending the final results of our investigation, it appears that an unknown, outside group or individual
improperly accessed www.gotickets.com’s database possibly exposing some of our customers’ sensitive
information, including shipping, billing and credit card data related to purchases made through
www.gotickets.com. We believe this improper access occurred on or around May 22 and May 30, 2012.
Although we are not certain that your sensitive information was affected, as a precaution, we are
advising you to keep a close eye on this account’s activity.

What can I do on my own to address this situation?

Gotickets has retained a company to help you with any questions or problems you may encounter.
However, we are advising affected individuals to cancel the affected card or at a minimum to closely
monitor the referenced card ending in             for any suspicious activity and notify the card issuer
immediately of the fraud. Affected individuals should also remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and
identity theft by monitoring their free credit reports, and report suspected incidents of identity theft to
local law enforcement, the state Attorney General, or the Federal Trade Commission.

You can contact any of the major credit reporting agencies or the Federal Trade Commission using the
contact information listed below. You can obtain information from any of these sources about fraud
alerts and security freezes.

Equifax                             TransUnion LLC
P.O. Box 740241                     P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                   Fullerton, CA 92834
1-888-766-0008                      1-800-680-7289

Experian                            Federal Trade Commission
P.O. Box 9554                       600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Allen, TX 75013                     Washington, DC 20580
1-888-397-3742                      1-877-438-4338
                                    www.ftc.gov
What is Gotickets doing to address this situation?

Gotickets has long employed a wide range of training and security measures to ensure the
confidentiality of our customers’ payment information. Gotickets has been working very closely with
law enforcement, including the F.B.I. and U.S. Attorney’s Office, to investigate the situation.

Gotickets is committed to serving its customers. That’s why Gotickets is providing its customers with
highly experienced fraud resolution experts, along with support services — at no cost to affected
individuals. These services will be provided by Identity Theft 911, a company that specializes in fraud
resolution and identity theft education. Should you have any questions, think you may have a problem
or in the unlikely event that you become a victim, a personal fraud specialist will work with you one-on-
one, every step of the way. This resolution service will last for a full year. Through this resolution
service you will also receive the following:

    •   Unlimited access to your dedicated, personal fraud specialist via toll-free number
    •   Help with answering any questions and providing guidance with the situation
    •   Assistance with taking immediate protective measures to assist in limiting potential damage
    •   Comprehensive case file creation to assist with card fraud remediation if necessary
    •   All phone calls and documentation needed to resolve your card fraud should you become a
        victim

How do I enroll for the free services?

To take advantage of the Identity Theft 911 services, or to obtain additional information about these
services, please call the Identity Theft 911 help line at 1-800-405-6108 and supply the fraud specialist
with the following unique code:         .

What if I want to speak with Gotickets regarding this incident?

While Identity Theft 911 should be able to provide thorough assistance and answer most of your
questions, you may still feel the need to speak with Gotickets regarding this incident. If so, please call
our Gotickets Response Team at 1-800-808-9324 from 8:30am-4:30pm Eastern Standard Time, Monday
through Friday. A Gotickets representative is standing by to assist in any way we can.

At Gotickets, we take our responsibility to protect your account information very seriously. We are
deeply disturbed by this situation and apologize for any inconvenience.

Sincerely,


Scott Jernigan
Executive Vice President
Gotickets, Inc.
201 Shannon Oaks Circle, Suite 205
Cary, NC 27511
