                                 Hankyu Chung, M.D.
                             2039 Forest Avenue, Suite 303
                                 San Jose, CA 95128

                                       July 17, 2013




Re:   Notification of Privacy Breach

Dear My Patient:

The security, confidentiality, integrity and privacy of patient personal information are
highly valued by Hankyu Chung, M.D. We are writing you because of a potential
disclosure of your personal health information and personally identifiable information.
We believe you should be made aware of the circumstances of the potential
disclosure, so that you can take steps to protect your personal information.

On Monday, June 17, 2013, there was a burglary at our offices at 2039 Forest Avenue. It
appears the burglars entered the building complex through an unlocked door and then
entered our office space by accessing the crawl space above our office. They did not
break through any locked doors or windows. Among the items stolen were two
laptops. One of the stolen laptops was used only to access the internet and did not
have any patient information on it. However, the other laptop, which was password
protected, contained all patient names, dates of birth, and significant medical records
including visit dates, complaints, physical examinations, diagnoses, testing and
medication information. The burglary was reported to the San Jose Police
Department, Report No. 13-168-0169.

Based on a preliminary review of the sensitivity of the information involved, we believe
notice to you is warranted at this time. This letter is written to provide notification to
you of a potential unauthorized access and disclosure of your personal information,
which included the following:

             Full Name,
             Telephone Number,
             Date of Birth,
             and Medical Records.

Social Security numbers, addresses and drivers license numbers were not present in
the stolen records.
July 17, 2013
Page 2


Again, we sincerely apologize for this breach of protected health and personal
information. The circumstances that resulted in this breach are being corrected
through increase security and implementation of procedures to minimize the
possibility of future breaches. Based on the information disclosed and the
circumstances of the breach, we recommend that you review your credit information
often during the next few months. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to
contact our attorneys at Schuering Zimmerman & Doyle. Their toll free telephone
number is (888) 233-2305.

Very truly yours,



Hankyu Chung, M.D.
