Administration Department
105 Decker Court, Suite 900, Irving, TX 75062




           [First_Name] [Last_Name]                                         July 8, 2014
           [Address_Line_1]
           [Address_Line_2]
           [City], [State] [Zip]


Dear [First_Name] [Last_Name],
I am writing to inform you of an unfortunate situation that has occurred which affects us all. On
Tuesday, June 24, 2014, an incident occurred in which a company-owned laptop computer containing
some of our personal information including, name, address, date of birth and Social Security number,
was stolen. We have no reason to believe that your personal information has been compromised, as the
computer in question was password protected.
Your trust is our top priority and we deeply regret any inconvenience this may cause. The privacy and
protection of your information is a matter we take very seriously and we place a top priority on
protecting the security of your personal information. We began investigating the incident as soon as we
became aware and are working closely with law enforcement to investigate the crime.
I realize that you may have many questions as to what this means and what you can do to protect
yourself. To help you better understand the situation and answer questions that you may have, we
arranged to have a team of professionals with AllClear ID who specialize in these types of matters
standing by, with a staffed call center, to assist you with any questions. We have also arranged to have
AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you. The following identity protection
services start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any time during the next 12 months:

          AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready if you need help protecting your identity. You
          are automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your part. If a
          problem arises, simply call 1-877-437-4004 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to
          recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper
          condition. AllClear maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

          AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a
          $1 million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your
          personal information to AllClear ID. You may sign up online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone
          by calling 1-877-437-4004 using the following redemption code: {Redemption_Code}.

For more information, the attached Exhibit A includes contact information for the FTC and the national
credit reporting agencies, as well as other disclosures and recommendations.
Please accept our deepest apologies for this situation. We strongly encourage you to take the preventive
measures outlined in this letter to help prevent, detect and report any misuse of your information.
Sincerely,



JIM MARCUM
President and CEO
                                    Exhibit A - Additional Information

STEPS YOU CAN TAKE TO FURTHER PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
You may wish to visit the website of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission at www.consumer.gov/idtheft or
reach the FTC at 1-877-382-4357 or 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580 for further
information about how to protect yourself from identity theft. Your state Attorney General may also
have advice on preventing identity theft.

We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit reports
closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial
institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also should promptly report any
fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities,
your state Attorney General, and/or the Federal Trade Commission.

To file a complaint with the FTC, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338).
Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC's Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, which is a
database made available to law enforcement agencies.

FRAUD ALERTS AND SECURITY FREEZES
You may obtain information from the FTC and the credit reporting agencies about fraud alerts and
security freezes. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you before they open any new accounts or
change your existing accounts. A fraud alert permits creditors to get your report as long as they take
steps to verify your identity. A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services from
being approved in your name without your consent; however, using a security freeze may delay your
ability to obtain credit.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you need to send a request to each national credit
reporting agency by certified mail, overnight mail, or regular stamped mail. The following information
must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report for
your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and
any suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses
for the past five years; and (5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement
agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request must also include a copy of a government-issued
identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that
each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue. The
consumer reporting agency may charge a fee (up to $5.00 for Massachusetts residents) to place a freeze
or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity
theft, and you have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the national
credit reporting agency. Visit the websites of each consumer reporting agency for more information
about placing a freeze, as they may have different requirements depending on the state in which you
reside.
CONTACT INFORMATION FOR THE THREE NATIONAL CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES

Equifax                Experian                TransUnion
(800) 525-6285         (888) 397-3742          (800) 680-7289
www.equifax.com        www.experian.com        www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241        P.O. Box 9532           Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374      Allen, TX 75013         P.O. Box 6790
                                               Fullerton, CA 92834-6790



COPY OF CREDIT REPORT
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies
once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228,
or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You may also elect to purchase a copy of your credit report
by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies.

ADDITIONAL STATE REQUIREMENTS

Massachusetts Residents: Under Massachusetts law, you have the right to obtain any police report filed
in regard to the incident.

Iowa and Oregon Residents: Iowa state law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law
enforcement or to the state's Attorney General at: Office of the Attorney General, 1305 E. Walnut
Street, Des Moines, IA 50319 (515) 281-5164 www.iowaattorneygeneral.gov. Oregon state law advises
you to report suspected identity theft to law enforcement and the Federal Trade Commission.
