                                        815 Colorado Blvd., Suite 300    T 323.543.2800                      hillsides.org
                                        Los Angeles, CA 90041            F 323.978.1636




Joseph M. Costa
Chief Executive Officer
                              Date: December 30, 2015
Carrie Espinoza
Chief Advancement Officer
Ryan J. Herren                Re: Important Privacy Notification
Chief Financial Officer
Stacey R. Roth, LCSW
                              Please Read this Entire Letter
Chief Program Officer         	
BOARD OF DIRECTORS            Dear Hillsides Employee:
Brent M. Mason
Chair
Donna B. Ford
First Vice Chair
                              On December 8, 2015, Hillsides became aware that an employee had sent internal files
Katherine Newhall Yundt       containing personally identifiable information (PII) and/or protected health information
Second Vice Chair
Jim Keatley                   (PHI) to a personal (non-Hillsides) email address. You have received this letter because
Treasurer
                              PII or PHI belonging to either you or your minor child may have been included in these
Mary Dee Hacker
Secretary                     emails. Upon discovery, the employee was terminated for their violation of company
Deborah L.S. Booth            policies; however, to date we have been unable to recover the data files from their
Jennifer Brian                personal email account or verify whether the files have been deleted. While we have no
The Rt. Rev. J. Jon Bruno
Paulette L. Burkitt           evidence that any of your personal information has been further disclosed or misused
Valerie Casey                 in any manner, we are providing you with notice of the incidents so you can take any
Donald Clark
William K. Covey, Jr.
                              precautions you feel are appropriate or necessary. The following information was sent
Cathy Cunningham              by this employee to their personal email address on the following dates:
Tony Danz
Holly Davis
Jarita D. Davis                •	 10/10/14 - Employee emailed an unencrypted spreadsheet which included staff
Gary W. Drake                     members' names, hiring dates, job titles, division description, Social Security
Samuel Garrison
Gina Guerra
                                  numbers, home address, zip code, and home phone numbers.
Catalina Haaga
LeeAnn Havner
                               •	 11/24/14 - Employee emailed an unencrypted spreadsheet which included staff
Ronald C. Hillary, MSW
The Rev. Norman Hull              members' names, hiring dates, job titles, division description, Social Security
Kelly M. Johnson                  numbers, home address, zip code, and home phone numbers.
Judy Kenyon
Nurit M. Kotick
Phaedra A. Ledbetter           •	 9/11/15 - Employee emailed two unencrypted outcome measurement spreadsheets
Wendy Lees
John C. Lukes
                                  which included client names, therapists, Integrated System numbers, start dates for
Hank J. Maarse                    services, outcome dates, parent partner names, and the name of the rehabilitation
Thomas F. Miller                  specialist. 10/7/15 - Employee emailed an unencrypted outcome measurement
Steve Nishibayashi, M.D.
Susan Noce                        spreadsheet which included 26 client names, Integrated System numbers, birth
Robert Shepherd                   dates, age, therapists, and rehab clinics attended, as well as Outcomes Measures
Elizabeth M. Short, M.D.
Sara J. Simpson
                                  data for 23 clients, which listed the clients' names, gender, birth date, client ID
The Rev. Edward Sniecienski       number, address, and group name.
Stephen M. Todd
Adam J. Walker
                               •	 10/19/15 - Employee emailed two unencrypted Outcome Measures spreadsheets
HONORARY ADVISORS
Bill Bogaard
                                  which included client names, therapists, Integrated System numbers, start dates for
Mary Bruno                        services, outcome dates, parent partner names, and the name of the rehabilitation
David Hyde Pierce
                                  specialist.
Drew Pinsky, M.D.
Sherm and Marge Telleen
Frank Ulf
Colleen Willams
Hillsides values your privacy and deeply regrets these incidents occurred. Please be assured that we have taken
steps necessary to address the incidents and we are committed to fully protecting all of the information you have
entrusted to us. We are working with our legal counsel to ensure all appropriate steps and notifications are being
followed. We are also implementing an employee re-training program to reduce the risk of future occurrences and
improve our internal security awareness procedures.

We are also notifying affected individuals so you can take personal action, along with our organization’s efforts, to
reduce or eliminate potential harm.

There are additional actions you can consider taking to reduce the chances of identity theft or fraud on your
account(s). You should remain vigilant in reviewing account statements and monitoring free credit reports.

We recommend immediate steps be taken to protect you or your minor child from any potential harm.
 1.	 	For persons over the age of 18, you can place a fraud alert with the three credit bureaus listed here and obtain
      instructions on how to obtain a free credit report. For minors, you can inquire whether a credit file has been
      opened in the minor's name:
        	 a.	    Experian: (877) 284-7942; www.experian.com; PO Box 4500, Allen, TX 75013
        	 b.	    Transunion: (800) 680-7289; http://www.fraud.transunion.com; Fraud Victim Assistance Division, PO 		
        		       Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022-2000.
        	 c.	    Equifax: (866) 349-5191; http://www.equifax.com; PO Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241.

    2.	 Y
        	 ou may also be able to obtain free copies of your credit report by going to the following website: www.
        annualcreditreport.com or by calling them toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. (Hearing impaired consumers can access
        their TDD service at 1-877-730-4204.

    3.	 M
        	 onitor account statements, explanation of benefits (commonly referred to as EOBs), and credit bureau reports
        closely. Be sure to promptly report any suspicious activity to the credit reporting agency that is reflecting the
        information.

    4.	 	Contact the Consumer Protection Agency for the state in which you reside.

Hillsides sincerely apologizes for the inconvenience and concern these incidents may have caused you. Your
information and privacy are very important to us. We will continue to investigate the incident, to reduce harm to
potentially affected individuals, and to protect against future similar occurrences.

You may contact us with questions and concerns in the following way: by calling our Privacy Officer, Toni Aikins, Ph.D.,
at 1-323-543-2800 between the hours of 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Monday to Friday; sending an email message to taikins@
hillsides.org; and / or addressing a letter to Hillsides Support Services, Attn: Privacy Questions, 815 Colorado Blvd.,
Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90041.


Sincerely,


	
Joseph M. Costa
Chief Executive Officer
