<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>> <<NameSuffix>>                              <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Subject: Security Incident
Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
We are writing to tell you about a data security incident that may have exposed some of your personal information.
We take the protection and proper use of your information very seriously. This is why we are contacting you directly
to let you know how we are protecting you personally.

What Happened?
On April 9, 2015, we confirmed that our website had been breached. The incident involved an outside source
hacking into and accessing certain electronic information that is maintained by Honig’s Whistle Stop, Inc., located
in Ann Arbor, Michigan (“Honig’s”). We have determined that the information involved in this incident included
customer name, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV, email address, account number, password,
billing address and phone number, shipping address, and phone number. This information was in our records due
to your purchase of items from Honig’s, either by phone or through our website at https://www.honigs.com/.

What Are We Doing To Protect You?
Honig’s values your business and deeply regrets that this incident occurred. We are partnering with a leading third-
party forensics firm to conduct a thorough investigation of the incident and to determine additional measures we
can take that would be designed to help prevent incidents of this kind in the future. Honig’s has already implemented
additional security measures designed to prevent a recurrence of the breach, and to protect the privacy of Honig’s
valued customers such as yourself. These additional security measures include, but are not limited to re-issuing
administrative credentials and installing various security patches.
To help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, Honig’s has secured the services of Kroll
to provide identity theft protection at no cost to you for one year. Kroll’s team has extensive experience helping
people who have sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential data.
Your identity theft protection services include Credit Monitoring, Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration.
Additional information describing your services is included with this letter. This offer is entirely optional for you
and offered as an added measure to protect your personal information from misuse. If you wish to enroll in this
service, please contact Kroll by August 1, 2015.

  	       Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions
          to take advantage of your Identity Theft Protection Services.
      	   Membership Number: <<Member ID>>

To receive credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social
Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.

What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Call 1-877-309-9842, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s licensed investigators are standing
by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership number ready.

                                                                                                                 930T46-0515
We are notifying you of the security breach so that you can take action along with our efforts to minimize or
eliminate potential harm. It is important that you be informed of this accidental disclosure and take precautions
to protect against any possible misuse or identity theft.
As a first preventative step, we recommend that you place a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert informs
creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and lets creditors to know to contact you before they open
any new accounts in your name or change your existing accounts. An initial fraud alert is free and will stay on your
credit file for at least 90 days. Contact any one of the three major credit bureaus listed below to place a fraud alert on
your credit file. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts.
Equifax	                                   Experian	TransUnion
(800) 525-6285	                            (888) 397-3742	            (800) 680-7289
www.equifax.com	                           www.experian.com 	         www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241	                           535 Anton Blvd. Suite 100	 P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374	                         Costa Mesa, CA 92626	      Fullerton, CA 92834
Additionally, you may obtain a free copy of your credit report from any of the three major credit reporting agencies
listed above once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228,
or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service,
P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request form at http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/
pdf-0093-annual-report-request-form.pdf.
As a second step, we recommend that you closely monitor your financial accounts and, if you see any unauthorized
activity – such as charges to your credit card, inaccurate personal information associated with your account, or new
accounts that you did not open – promptly contact the financial institution with which the account is maintained. You
should also promptly report any fraudulent activity to the proper law enforcement authorities, your state attorney
general, and the United States Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on
your initial credit reports, the FTC recommends that you check your credit reports periodically. Checking your credit
reports periodically allows you to become aware of any potential problems and address them quickly. You can follow
this link on the FTC’s website - http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/ - to obtain additional helpful information about
possible identity theft. Additionally, you may wish to submit a complaint with the FTC by calling 1-877-ID-THEFT
(1-877-438-4338) or online at https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/. Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s
Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible to law enforcers for their investigations. We offer this
information only as a precaution to assist you in preventing any misuse of your personal information.
In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new credit from
being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the freeze. A security
freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a result,
using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. Additionally, if you request a security
freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee up to $10.00 to place, lift, or remove the security freeze.
In order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide the consumer reporting agency with information
that identifies you including your full name, Social Security number, date of birth, current and previous addresses,
a copy of your state-issued identification card, and a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement. You
must separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency.
On behalf of Honig’s, I want to sincerely express our apologies for this incident and any inconvenience or concern this
may have caused. If you have any further questions about the incident or about your identity theft protection services,
please contact the Company’s agent, Kroll, at 1-877-309-9842.
Sincerely,




Gene Bouwman
CEO, Honig’s Whistlestop, Inc.

kroll.idMonitoringService.com is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.
To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-877-309-9842.
U.S. State Notification Requirements
For residents of Hawaii, Michigan, Missouri, Virginia, Vermont, Wyoming and North Carolina:
It is recommended by state law that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing credit
card account statements and monitoring your credit report for unauthorized activity.
For residents of California and Wyoming:
Notification of the security breach was not delayed as a result of a law enforcement litigation.
For residents of Iowa:
State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.
For residents of Oregon:
State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement, as well as the Federal Trade
Commission.
For residents of Maryland, Illinois, and North Carolina:
You can obtain information from the Maryland and North Carolina Offices of the Attorneys General and the Federal
Trade Commission about fraud alerts, security freezes, and steps you can take toward preventing identity theft.
Maryland residents can call the Consumer Protection Division of the Attorney General’s office toll free at (888) 743-0023,
or visit the website at http://www.oag.state.md.us/consumer.
North Carolina residents can call the Consumer Protection Division of the Attorney General’s office toll free at
(877) 566-7226, or visit the website at http://www.ncdoj.gov/Consumer.aspx.
For residents of Maryland, Puerto Rico, Vermont, and Wyoming:
Honig’s has established the following toll-free number for affected residents to call if they have questions or are
seeking additional information: 1-877-309-9842.
Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services
You’ve been provided with access to services from Kroll, a global leader in risk mitigation. Over the past 14 years,
Kroll has provided data breach response services for cases impacting more than 100 million individuals including
personal consultation to more than 180,000 consumers and worked some 8,000 confirmed identity theft cases.
When you need assistance, rest assured that your services are backed by an expert team who can answer any
question you may have.

The following services are included in your Credit Monitoring package:

                                     Kroll employs a team of experienced licensed investigators to provide you with expert,
                                     one-on-one assistance:
                                     Consultation: You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed
                                     investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection,
                                     explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
                                     interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating
                                     suspicious activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.
     CONSULTATION AND
    RESTORATION SERVICES
                                     Restoration: Kroll’s restoration services are the most comprehensive of any provider.
                                     Should you become a victim of identity theft, a dedicated licensed investigator can work
                                     on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does more than shoulder the
                                     bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the theft, and then
                                     work with creditors, collection agencies, utilities, government entities, and more …
                                     to resolve it.

                                     Credit Monitoring: Credit monitoring can be a key tool in detecting early warning signs
        CREDIT SERVICES              of identity theft. You’ll receive alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for
                                     instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name. If you do not recognize
                                     the activity, you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help you determine
                                     if it’s an indicator of identity theft. You’ll also receive “no activity” notices if there have
                                     been no changes to your data.




                         How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services

           Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com                                              Help is only a phone call away.
   and follow the online instructions to take advantage                        If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a
         of your identity theft protection services.                       victim of identity theft, call Kroll at the toll-free number provided in
   You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s            the accompanying letter, and ask to speak with an investigator.
identity protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide        Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
  the membership number included with the accompanying letter.               Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.


 Kroll.idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
