                                  Cust Care Ph #: 1-800-365-0175

                                  CL SPOC: 1-877-601-7019
                                  HMS SPOC: 1-877-601-7020
HSBC
P.O. BOX 2369                     LS Bankruptcy: 1-866-824-0824
Brandon, FL 33509
                                  LS 840 BK SPOC: 1-855-204-0041
                                  LS 88 BK SPOC: 1-855-204-0039



Customer Name
Mailing Address
City, State Zip Code


Dear Customer Name,

At HSBC, we value your business and respect the privacy of your information, which is why we are writing to let you know
about a data security incident that involves your personal information. We recently became aware of an incident where
personal information about certain customer mortgage accounts was inadvertently made accessible via the Internet which we
believe was towards the end of last year. The information available included your name, Social Security number, account
number and some old account information, and may have included your phone number. HSBC takes this very seriously and
deeply regrets that this incident occurred.

We are conducting a thorough review of the potentially affected records and have implemented additional security measures
designed to prevent a recurrence of such an incident. We have ensured that the information is no longer accessible publicly.
The company has notified law enforcement and the credit reporting agencies of the incident, and no delay in advising you has
been caused by law enforcement notification.

The security of your information is very important to us and we recommend that you take the following steps to mitigate your
risk to identity theft.

We recommend that you monitor your account transactions for any unauthorized activity and contact us if any is noticed. We
recommend you place a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you before they open any new
accounts or change your existing accounts. Call any one of the three major credit bureaus. As soon as one credit bureau
confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts. All three credit reports will be sent to you, free of charge,
for your review.

Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your initial credit reports, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recommends
that you check your credit reports periodically. Victim information sometimes is held for use or shared among a group of
thieves at different times. Checking your credit reports periodically can help you spot problems and address them quickly.

         ·    Experian at 1-888-397-3742 or www.experian.com/consumer
         ·    Equifax at 1-800-525-6285 or www.equifax.com
         ·    Trans Union at 1-800-680-7289 or www.transunion.com

If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or have reason to believe your information is being misused, call or contact
your local law enforcement and file a police report. Get a copy of the report; many creditors want the information it contains to
absolve you of the fraudulent debts. You also should file a complaint with the FTC at www.ftc.gov/idtheft or at
1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, where it will
be accessible to law enforcers for their investigations.

We recommend that you periodically obtain credit reports from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies and
review them for any information relating to fraudulent transactions. You should remain vigilant over the next twelve to twenty-
four months and promptly report any incidents of identity theft to HSBC and to the major Credit Bureaus.

As a resource for consumers, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has a website dedicated to identity theft issues. Please
visit the FTC's website at http://ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft. If you do not have Internet access, call the FTC’s Identity
Theft Hotline, toll-free: 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-4261; or write: Identity Theft Clearinghouse, Federal
Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.

COMPLIMENTARY SERVICES: We are providing the following complimentary services at no cost to you. If you believe you
are a victim of identity theft during the next 12 months, the Identity Guardâ team is ready to assist you. Please call the Identity
Guard Victim Recovery Services phone line at 1-800-901-7107 and provide your redemption code XXXXX-XXXX-XXXX to the
agent. Hours of operation are Monday- Friday, 8am-11pm, and Saturday, 9am-6pm Eastern Time.
Identity Guardâ Victim Recovery Services for victims of identity theft include:
    ·     Phone Interview including a complete review of your 3 Bureau Credit Report
    ·     Notification to creditors of suspicious activity
    ·     Assistance with placing Fraud Alerts
    ·     Assistance with filing disputes
    ·     Comprehensive Consumer Summary Letter outlining suspicious items found, contact information
    ·     Fraud First Aid Kit including Uniform Affidavit

Access to the Victim Recovery Services is available through April 13, 2016.
                                                                                                                                    ®
For additional protection, at our expense, HSBC would like to offer you a free one year subscription to Identity Guard , a credit
monitoring and identity theft protection service. Identity Guard provides essential monitoring and protection of not only credit
data, but also alerts you of certain activities that could indicate potential identity theft. This program is provided by
Intersections Inc. (NASDAQ: INTX), a leading provider of consumer and corporate identity risk management services.
                 ®
IDENTITY GUARD features include:
         ·   3-Bureau Credit Report and Scores*                                  ·     Victim Assistance
         ·   3-Bureau Daily Monitoring with NOTIFY                               ·     Credit Education Specialists
                    ®
             EXPRESS Alerts                                                      ·     Up to $20,000 identity theft insurance with
         ·   3-Bureau Quarterly Credit Update                                          $0 deductible**

    If you wish to take advantage of this monitoring service, you must enroll by July 31, 2015.

    ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE: To activate this coverage please call the toll-free number or visit the Web site listed
    below and enter the redemption code. The redemption code is required for enrollment, and can only be used one
    time by the individual addressed.

         Toll-Free:                1-844-324-2567
         Web Site:                 www.identityguard.com/enroll
         Redemption Code:          XXXXX-XXXX-XXXX

    In order to enroll, you will need to provide the following personal information:

     Ÿ    Mailing Address                               Ÿ    Social Security Number                        Ÿ    E-mail Address
     Ÿ    Phone Number                                  Ÿ    Date of Birth                                 Ÿ    Redemption Code

    This service is complimentary; no method of payment will be collected during enrollment and there is no need to
    cancel. We apologize for any inconvenience and urge you to enroll today. If you have any further questions regarding
    this incident, please call HSBC at 1-800-XXX-XXXX during normal business hours.


    Sincerely,

    HSBC



    Esta carta contiene información importante sobre su cuenta y podría requerir su atención. Si tiene alguna pregunta y
    desea hablar en español con un empleado, sírvase comunicarse con nosotros al 1-800-XXX-XXXX, marque el
    número 2, durante nuestras horas de oficina normales.



    *The scores you receive with Identity Guard® are provided for educational purposes to help you understand your credit. They are
    calculated using the information contained in your Equifax, Experian and TransUnion credit files. Lenders use many different credit
    scoring systems, and the scores you receive with Identity Guard are not the same scores used by lenders to evaluate your credit.

   Credit scores are provided by CreditXpert® based on data from the three major credit bureaus.

   **Identity Theft Insurance underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. The
   description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and
   exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage
   may not be available in all jurisdictions.

    ***If not able to enroll on-line, please call the toll-free number 1-844-324-2567.
