Mortgage Service Center
P.O. Box 5452
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054-5452

John Doe
1234 First Street
Anywhere, VA 22154

Dear John Doe,

We recently became aware of an incident where your account details were sent in error to a commercial entity not
associated with HSBC. The documentation included your name, account number, property address, loan and
payment details. We have been informed that the third party recipient did not view your data and your data has been
deleted. HSBC takes this very seriously and the security of your information is very important to us. HSBC would
like to offer you a free one-year subscription to a credit monitoring and identity theft protection service; please see
enrollment details below. As additional precautions, we recommend that you take the following steps to mitigate your
risk of identity theft.

We recommend that you monitor your account transactions for any unauthorized activity and contact us if any is
noticed. We recommend you place a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you before
they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. Call any one of the three major credit bureaus. As
soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts. All three credit
reports will be sent to you, free of charge, for your review.

Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your initial credit reports, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
recommends that you check your credit reports periodically. Victim information sometimes is held for use or shared
among a group of thieves at different times. Checking your credit reports periodically can help you spot problems
and address them quickly.


         ·    Experian at 1-888-397-3742 or www.experian.com/consumer
         ·    Equifax at 1-800-525-6285 or www.equifax.com
         ·    Trans Union at 1-800-680-7289 or www.transunion.com

If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or have reason to believe your information is being misused, call
or contact your local law enforcement and file a police report. Get a copy of the report; many creditors want the
information it contains to absolve you of the fraudulent debts. You also should file a complaint with the FTC at
www.ftc.gov/idtheft or at 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft
Data Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible to law enforcers for their investigations.

We recommend that you periodically obtain credit reports from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies
and review them for any information relating to fraudulent transactions. You should remain vigilant over the next
twelve to twenty-four months and promptly report any incidents of identity theft to HSBC and to the major Credit
Bureaus.

As a resource for consumers, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has a website dedicated to identity theft issues.
Please visit the FTC's website at http://ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft. If you do not have Internet access, call the
FTC’s Identity Theft Hotline, toll-free: 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-4261; or write: Identity Theft
Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.
                                                                                               ®
At our expense, HSBC would like to offer you a free one-year subscription to Identity Guard , a credit monitoring and
identity theft protection service. Identity Guard provides essential monitoring and protection of not only credit data,
but also alerts you of certain activities that could indicate potential identity theft. This program is provided by
Intersections Inc. (NASDAQ: INTX), a leading provider of consumer and corporate identity risk management services.
                ®
IDENTITY GUARD features include:
    ·    3-Bureau Credit Report and Scores*                           ·    Victim Assistance
    ·    3-Bureau Daily Monitoring with NOTIFY                        ·    Credit Education Specialists
                ®
         EXPRESS Alerts                                               ·    Up to $20,000 identity theft insurance with
    ·    3-Bureau Quarterly Credit Update                                  $0 deductible**
 Mortgage Service Center
 P.O. Box 5452
 Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054-5452


 If you wish to take advantage of this monitoring service, you must enroll within 90 days.

 ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE: To activate this coverage please call the toll-free number or visit the Web site listed
 below and enter the redemption code. The redemption code is required for enrollment, and can only be used one
 time by the individual addressed.

      Toll-Free:                <<phone number>>
      Web Site:                 www.identityguard.com/enroll
      Redemption Code:          <<XXXXXXXXXXXXX>>

 In order to enroll, you will need to provide the following personal information:

  Ÿ    Mailing Address                               Ÿ    Social Security Number                        Ÿ    E-mail Address
  Ÿ    Phone Number                                  Ÿ    Date of Birth                                 Ÿ    Redemption Code

 This service is complimentary; no method of payment will be collected during enrollment and there is no need to
 cancel. We apologize for any inconvenience and urge you to enroll today. If you have any questions about your
 mortgage, please contact our Mortgage Service Center at 1-866-435-7089. Representatives are available Monday
 through Friday 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern time.

 Sincerely,

 <<Signature Title>>


 *The scores you receive with Identity Guard® are provided for educational purposes to help you understand your credit. They are
 calculated using the information contained in your Equifax, Experian and TransUnion credit files. Lenders use many different credit
 scoring systems, and the scores you receive with Identity Guard are not the same scores used by lenders to evaluate your credit.

Credit scores are provided by CreditXpert® based on data from the three major credit bureaus.

**Identity Theft Insurance underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. The
description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and
exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage
may not be available in all jurisdictions.

 ***If not able to enroll on-line, please call the toll-free number <<phone number>>.
