Dear Friend

We are writing to you because we have been informed a laptop belonging to IA 134 and connected to
the network at Levi’s Stadium was breached via the internet on January 4th and information was taken
from the computer. An investigation is under way but we do not know what information may have been
compromised. It is possible that your name and Social Security number have been taken.

Because your Social Security number may have been involved, we recommend that, as a precautionary
measure, you place a fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert requires potential creditors to use
what the law refers to as “reasonable policies and procedures” to verify your identity before issuing
credit in your name. A fraud alert lasts for 90 days. Just call one of the three credit reporting agencies at
a number below. This will let you automatically place an alert with all of the agencies. You will receive
letters from all three, confirming the fraud alert and letting you know how to get a free copy of your
credit report from each.

Experian 1-888-397-3742 Equifax 1-800-525-6285 TransUnion 1-800-680-7289

When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you did not open.
Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal information, such as
home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you see anything you do not
understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. If you do find
suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff ’s office and file a police report
of identity theft. Get a copy of the police report. You may need to give copies of the police report to
creditors to clear up your records. Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports, we
recommend that you check your credit reports periodically. You can keep the fraud alert in place by
calling again after 90 days. For more information on identity theft, we suggest that you visit the web site
of the California Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov. If there is anything that Local 134
can do to assist you, please call us at 408.294.1134 x 104
