[DATE]


RE: [client name}

Dear [Individual Name],

We are writing to tell you about a theft from Impairment Resources that may have included your personal
information. Impairment Resources is a service provider for [client] that provides technical services
associated with workers’ compensation or auto casualty claims. We were given some of your personal
information because we were assisting in the review of your claim.

On December 31, 2011, a thief(ves) broke into our office. The theft was discovered in the early morning
hours of January 3, 2012 after the New Years’ Eve holiday weekend, and local police authorities were
notified at that time. Law enforcement, which had requested a reporting delay, continues to investigate
this theft. The thief(ves) broke into a locked area of the office and stole a number of items, including
computer hardware that was used to back-up some of our computer systems. This hardware may contain
some of your personal information, which may include your first and last name, social security number,
and medical information related to your claim. It will be difficult for the parties involved in the theft to
obtain data from the hardware without specialized knowledge of information technology systems.

Based on our investigation so far, we believe the hardware was taken as part of a random theft and we
have no evidence indicating that your personal information has been accessed, viewed, or used by others.
In response to this event, we have thoroughly reviewed our security systems.

Carefully monitor your credit statements during the next 12-24 months to make certain there have been no
unauthorized transactions or unauthorized new accounts opened in your name. If there is unauthorized
activity on an account or if an unauthorized account has been opened in your name, contact the company
issuing the account immediately.

You may contact one of the credit reporting agencies below and ask for a fraud alert to be placed on your
credit report. There is no charge for this service. When you put a fraud alert on your credit report,
businesses will contact you to check your identity before issuing you credit. In addition, you will be able
to receive a free copy of your credit report. We recommend that you review your credit report and
continue to monitor it for any suspicious activity or signs of fraud. You may order a copy of your credit
report which is free annually. For your convenience, we have listed the 3 credit bureaus below.

        Equifax                           Experian                         TransUnionCorp
        800-525-6285                      888-397-3742                     800-680-7289

You may also contact one of the credit bureaus and ask for a security freeze to be placed on your credit
report. There is a $ 5.00 charge for this service. A security freeze means that your credit file cannot be
shared with potential creditors. If your credit files are frozen, even someone who has your name and
Social Security number should not be able to get credit in your name.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you will need to provide the credit agency with the
following information by letter:
    •   Provide your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.,) address, Social
        Security number, and date of birth;

    •   If you moved in the past 5 years, supply the addresses where you lived over the prior 5 years.

    •   Provide proof of current address such as a current utility bill or phone bill

    •   Send a photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s license or ID card,
        military identification, etc.)

Should you notice any suspicious, unusual, or unauthorized activity, steps you may wish to take include:

    1. Notifying the fraud department of any one of the major credit bureaus listed above and contacting
       your local police to file a report.

    2. Making a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) by using the FTC’s Identity Theft
       Hotline at: 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338) or online at www.ftc.gov/idtheft. Your complaint
       will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible to law
       enforcers for their investigations. The general contact information for the FTC is listed below:

            Federal Trade Commission
            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
            Washington, DC 20580
            (202) 326-2222 www.ftc.gov

    3. Closing any accounts that have been tampered with or opened fraudulently.

For more information, we recommend that you review the FTC’s “Take Charge: Fighting Back Against
Identity Theft” Report, which is a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help you guard against and deal
with identity theft. The report can be viewed at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

Maryland residents can also obtain information from the Maryland Attorney General about the steps you
can take to prevent identify theft. You can contact the Maryland Attorney General at: Maryland Office of
the Attorney General Consumer Protection Division, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202; 1-888-
742-0023; www.oag.state.md.us.

North Carolina residents can also obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney General on the
steps you can take to prevent identify theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:
9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001; 1-919-716-6750; www.ncdoj.gov.

If you would like to speak with an Impairment Resources’ representative to obtain further information or
information on obtaining a copy of a police report, please contact our Call Center, Monday through
Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time at _________.

Sincerely,
Impairment Resources, LLC
