<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>                                              <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Notice of Data Breach
Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
On behalf of Incipio, LLC, I am writing to tell you about a data security incident on our e-commerce website
www.incipio.com that may have exposed some of your personal information. We shop on the internet too and we
understand the importance of protecting your personal information. We are contacting you directly in an effort to
protect you from any potential future harm. Notice to you has not been delayed by any law enforcement investigation.
What happened?
On February 4, 2016, while timely installing an application software update to our e-commerce platform, we
discovered that an unauthorized party had gained access to one of our cloud-based website servers. Despite our
robust controls to protect you from the nefarious efforts of hackers, our investigation reveals that the unauthorized
party gained access to personal information of customers who purchased product from www.incipio.com between
September 26, 2015, and January 29, 2016.
What information was involved?
The information accessed likely includes your name, address, phone number, email address, credit or debit card
number, and your payment card’s expiration date and cvv number. No payment card pin numbers or other personal
information was affected, and we are unaware of any instance of fraud or identity theft arising from this incident.
What we are doing.
Upon learning of the unauthorized access, we took immediate measures to remove the malware and any file
containing your personal information. We continue to monitor for this malware and other risks as part of our ongoing
efforts to protect your personal information. We have increased our website security efforts and bolstered malware
defenses, including retaining an outside network management and information technology security firm to assist us
in best securing our servers and data.
To help relieve concerns and restore confidence following this incident, we have secured the services of Kroll to
provide identity monitoring at no cost to you for one year. Kroll is a global leader in risk mitigation and response, and
their team has extensive experience helping people who have sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential
data. Your identity monitoring services include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher, Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan,
$1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, Identity Consultation, and Identity Restoration.

 Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com to enroll and take advantage of your identity monitoring services.
 Membership Number: <<Member ID>>

To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-855-205-6950. Additional information describing
your services is included with this letter.	




                                                                                                                   930Y52-0216
What you can do.
Please review the enclosed “Additional Resources” section included with this letter. This section describes additional
steps you can take to help protect yourself, including recommendations by the Federal Trade Commission regarding
identity theft protection and details on how to place a fraud alert or a security freeze on your credit file.
For more information.
If you have questions, please call 1-855-205-6950, Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central Time.
Please have your membership number ready.
We deeply regret that this has happened. We trust that the quality and reliability of the services we are offering to you
demonstrate our continued commitment to your security and satisfaction.
Sincerely,




Andy Fathollahi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
Contact information for the three nationwide credit reporting agencies is:
   Equifax, PO Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374, www.equifax.com, 1-800-685-1111
   Experian, PO Box 2104, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com, 1-888-397-3742
   TransUnion, PO Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022, www.transunion.com, 1-800-888-4213
Free Credit Report. It is recommended that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing
account statements and monitoring your credit report for unauthorized activity. You may obtain a copy of your credit
report, free of charge, once every 12 months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies.
To order your annual free credit report please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228.
You can also order your annual free credit report by mailing a completed Annual Credit Report Request Form
(available from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.consumer.ftc.gov) to:
Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.
   For Colorado, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Puerto Rico, and Vermont residents:
   You may obtain one or more (depending on the state) additional copies of your credit report, free of charge. You must
   contact each of the credit reporting agencies directly to obtain such additional report(s).
Fraud Alert. You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling one of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies
above. A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain procedures, including contacting you before they open any new
accounts or change your existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay
you when you seek to obtain credit.
Security Freeze. You have the ability to place a security freeze on your credit report.
A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your
consent. To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able to use an online process, an automated
telephone line, or a written request to any of the three credit reporting agencies listed above. The following
information must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report for
your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any suffixes;
(2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years;
and (5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles.
The request must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill
or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing
address, and the date of issue. The credit reporting agencies may charge a fee to place a freeze, temporarily lift it or
permanently remove it. The fee is waived if you are a victim of identity theft and have submitted a valid investigative or
law enforcement report or complaint relating to the identity theft incident to the credit reporting agencies. (You must
review your state’s requirement(s) and/or credit bureau requirement(s) for the specific document(s) to be submitted.)
   For Massachusetts residents: The fee for each placement of a freeze, temporary lift of a freeze, or removal of a
   freeze is $5.
Federal Trade Commission and State Attorneys General Offices. If you believe you are the victim of identity theft
or have reason to believe your personal information has been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal
Trade Commission and/or the Attorney General’s office in your home state. You may also contact these agencies for
information on how to prevent or avoid identity theft.
You may contact the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW,
Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338).
   For Maryland residents: You may contact the Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection
   Division, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, www.oag.state.md.us, 1-888-743-0023.
   For North Carolina residents: You may contact the North Carolina Office of the Attorney General, Consumer
   Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, www.ncdoj.com, 1-877-566-7226.
Reporting of identity theft and obtaining a policy report.
   For Iowa residents: You are advised to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Iowa
   Attorney General.
   For Massachusetts residents: You have the right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.
   For Oregon residents: You are advised to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement, the Federal
   Trade Commission, and the Oregon Attorney General.
                                                                                                                     474-0116
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOUR IDENTITY MONITORING SERVICES
You’ve been provided with access to the following services1 from Kroll:

Credit Monitoring through TransUnion
You’ll receive alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for instance, when a new line of credit is applied for
in your name. If you do not recognize the activity, you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help you
determine if it’s an indicator of identity theft.

Web Watcher
Web Watcher monitors internet sites where criminals buy, sell, and trade personal information. You’ll be promptly
notified if evidence of your identity information being traded or sold is discovered.

Public Persona
Public Persona monitors public record databases for names, aliases, and addresses that are associated with your
Social Security number. If information is found, an alert email is sent.

Quick Cash Scan
Quick Cash Scan monitors thousands of short-term and cash-advance loan sources. You’ll receive an alert when a
loan is reported, and you can call a Kroll investigator for more information.

$1 Million Identity Theft Insurance
Reimburses you for out-of-pocket expenses totaling up to $1 million in legal costs for any one stolen identity event.
All coverage is subject to the conditions and exclusions in the policy.

Identity Consultation
You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed investigator at Kroll. Support includes showing
you the most effective ways to protect your identity, explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance
with fraud alerts, and interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating suspicious
activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.

Identity Restoration
If you become a victim of identity theft, an experienced licensed investigator will work on your behalf to resolve
related issues. You will have access to a dedicated investigator who understands your issues and will do most of the
work for you. Your investigator can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the identity theft, and then work to resolve it.




1
    Kroll’s activation website is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.
	 To receive credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your name,
  and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.                                                                     472-0116
