IndyMac Resources, Inc.
1601 Bryan Street, Suite 30133
Dallas, TX 75201

Dear [ADDRESSEE]:                                     Promotion Code: ###############

The purpose of this letter is to notify you that your personally identifiable information (PII) was
recently found in a little-known location on a public web server along with data for a group of
employees of the failed IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. (in receivership since July 11, 2008), and its
subsidiary, IndyMac Resources, Inc.

From what we have been able to find out since learning of this matter, it appears the PII was
placed on the web server by an employee of a contractor for IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. that had been
retained in 2004 to perform pension benefits analysis relating to employees of IndyMac
Resources, Inc. and IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. The data was found by a security company that
searches the web looking for this kind of data. The data has since been removed from the public
web server.

We believe that the information may have been publicly accessible via the Internet as early as
January 2007 and as recently as December 2011. The information posted included name, Social
Security Number, birth date, earnings, hire date, and certain other employment-related
information for employees from January 1, 1999, to January 1, 2005.

IndyMac Resources, Inc. as well as the receiver for IndyMac Bank, F.S.B. regret this mistaken
disclosure by a contractor’s employee. There are important steps you can take to protect yourself
from identity theft. We have attached a listing of resources that are available, including contact
information for each of the three credit reporting agencies and identity theft information from the
Federal Trade Commission. We encourage you to review this information carefully, order your
free credit report, and review it for suspicious activity.

In addition, we have arranged for Equifax to provide you two years of credit monitoring services
at no cost to you. We encourage you to take advantage of this no-cost opportunity to monitor
your personal data. If you wish to take advantage of this service, enrollment instructions are
included in the attachment.

We deeply regret any inconvenience this may cause you. We will continue to monitor this
situation and will provide further information as necessary. If you have any questions, please
contact the hotline we have established for this purpose, 1-800-405-1604.

                                              Sincerely,



                                              IndyMac Resources, Inc.


Attachment: Identify Theft Protection Resources & Equifax Credit Monitoring Instructions
                                             Attachment

Identify Theft Protection Resources

One of the most important things consumers can do to protect themselves from identify theft is to
request and review the free credit reports to which they are entitled each year so as to identify
suspicious activity. Federal legislation grants all consumers the right to obtain annually a credit
report, free of charge, from each of the three credit reporting agencies. The three agencies have
set up a central website – www.annualcreditreport.com – and central toll-free telephone number
– 1-877-322-8228.

Equifax:                     Experian:                          TransUnion:
P.O. Box 740241              P.O. Box 2002                      P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374            Allen, TX 75013                    Fullerton, CA 92834
Or call:                     Or call:                           Or call:
1-877-478-7625               1-888-397-3742                     1-800-680-7289
Online at:                   Online at:                         Online at:
www.equifax.com              www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com

If you discover information related to any fraudulent activity, you should contact the issuing
credit reporting agency and the creditor and ask that the information be deleted. You should also
report suspicious activity to your local police or sheriff‘s office and file a report of identity theft.

Even if no suspicious activity is identified, to protect yourself, you may wish to place a free
fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report
that alerts creditors that you may be a fraud victim and requesting that they contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert, simply call any one of the three
credit reporting agencies at the numbers given above. This will let you automatically place fraud
alerts with all of the agencies, and you will then receive confirming letters from all of them.

We also encourage you to review your bank account and other statements carefully and report
any suspicious activity to the institution issuing them.

For additional information on identity theft, you may visit the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
website at www.ftc.gov/idtheft or write FTC, Consumer Response Center, Room H-130, 600
Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20580. We also encourage you to report any
actual incident of identity theft to the FTC at www.ftc.gov/idtheft or at 1-877-438-4338.


Equifax Credit Monitoring Enrollment Instructions

As mentioned in the cover letter, we have arranged for Equifax to provide two years of their
Equifax Credit Watch Gold™ with 3-in-1 Monitoring service at no cost to you. If you decide to
enroll, Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your
credit file and help you to understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit
reporting agencies. The key features and benefits are listed below –



                                                                                                       2
Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring and automated alerts of key changes to your Equifax,
   Experian, and TransUnion credit reports
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your
   Equifax credit information, to provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and in
   initiating an investigation of inaccurate information.
o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal functionality (available online only)

     How to Enroll

To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
1. Register: Complete the form with your contact information (name, gender, address, date of
   birth, Social Security Number and telephone number) and click the “Continue” button.
   Complete the form with your email address, create a User Name and Password, enter the
   Promotion Code that is at the top of the first page of this letter. The Promotion Code
   eliminates the need to provide a credit card number for payment. Then click the “Accept
   Terms & Continue” button. All of the information that you enter is in a secured environment.
2. Verify ID: The system will then ask you to answer up to four security questions. The
   questions and answers support the Equifax Identity Verification Process. Please answer the
   questions and then click the “Submit Order” button.
3. Order Confirmation: This page shows you your order. Please click the “View my Product”
   button to access the product features.

To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch
automated enrollment process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US
Mail only.
1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as provided at the top of
    the first page of this letter.
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home
    address, name, date of birth and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access
    your credit file and to monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax cannot process
    your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that
    you will receive your Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your
    identity) or a Customer Care letter with further instructions (if your identity can not be
    verified using the information provided). Please allow up to 10 business days to receive this
    information.
† Identity theft insurance underwritten by subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for
informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies
for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. This product is not intended for minors
(under 18 years of age).




                                                                                                                                                  3
