              -




545 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD. JERSEY CITY. NJ 07310-1686


                                                                                                         July 13, 2015


<Insert Name>
<Insert Address>
<Insert Address>




Re: Important information regarding your insurance data

Dear <Insert Name>:
Insurance Services Office (ISO), a provider of information and analytics to the property and casualty insurance
industry, manages a database of insurance information, which includes data on participating insurers’
policyholders. I am writing to inform you of a recent investigation conducted by a County Prosecutor’s office in the
State of New Jersey. Both ISO and the National Insurance Crime Bureau assisted with the investigation regarding
suspected unauthorized use of insurance data. At the request of law enforcement authorities, this notification was
delayed to avoid impeding the law enforcement investigation into this incident.
We have been advised by the Prosecutors office that your personal information may have been viewed by
unauthorized individuals. The information that may have been viewed includes: your contact information, date of
birth, Social Security number, insurance policy number, and driver’s license number.
ISO takes our obligation to safeguard personal information very seriously, and we are taking steps to protect you.
In order to alleviate any concerns from this situation, we are providing you with access to a free credit monitoring
service for a year.
We encourage you to remain vigilant and regularly review and monitor your credit reports. You are entitled under
U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. To order
your free credit report, visit www annualcredltreDort corn or call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228.
Please refer to the attached Reference Guide to find out how to register for free credit monitoring and to view
recommendations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on how to further protect your personal information.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our customer support department at
800-888-4476. A representative will be available to answer any questions you may have from Monday-Friday
7:00 a.m. 9:00 p.m. (ET). You also may email us at nlsuDDortcaiso com or contact us via postal mail at:
          -




ISO ClaimSearch Solutions
545 Washington Blvd.
Jersey City, NJ 07310.
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience.

        at4h4 ~
Carlos Martins, ~CLA
Vice President & General Manager
    CloimSearch Solutions
                                                      Reference Guide

We encourage you to take the following steps:

Order Your Free Credit ReDort. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at 1-
877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”)
website at www.consumer.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA
30348-5281. The three consumer reporting agencies provide free annual credit reports only through the website, toll-free
number or request form.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the “inquiries”
section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill under names other than their
store or commercial names. The consumer reporting agency will be able to tell you when that is the case. Look in the
“personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as home address and Social Security
number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the consumer reporting agency at the telephone number on the
report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should noti& the consumer
reporting agencies of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information
can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize,
immediately noti~’ the appropriate consumer reporting agency by telephone and in writing. Consumer reporting agency
staff will review your report with you. If the information can’t be explained, then you will need to call the creditors
involved. Information that can’t be explained also should be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office because it
may signal criminal activity.

Credit Monitorin2 Services. We have arranged to have AlIClear ID help you protect your identity for one year at no cost
to you. The following identity protection and credit monitoring service starts on the date of this notice and you can use it at
any time during the next 12 months.


         AliClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1 million
         identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide certain information to AlIClear
         ID and use the following redemption code: linsert Redemption Codej. You may sign up online at
         enroll.allclearid.com or by phone at 1-866-979-2595. Please note: Additional steps may be required by you to
         activate your phone alerts and monitoring options.

ReDort Incidents. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud, promptly report the incident to law enforcement
and the FTC. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends that you take these steps:

    •    Place an initial fraud alert.
    •    Order your credit reports.
    •    Create an FTC Identity Theft Affidavit by submitting a report about the theft at http://www.ftc.gov/complaint or
         by calling the FTC.
    •    File a police report about the identity theft and get a copy of the police report or the report number. Bring your
         FTC Identity Theft Affidavit with you when you file the police report. Your Identity Theft Report is your FTC
         Identity Theft Affidavit plus your police report.
    •    You may be able to use the Identity Theft Report to get fraudulent information removed from your credit report,
         stop a company from collecting a debt that resulted from identity theft and get information from companies about
         accounts the identity thief opened or misused.

You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft and how to
repair identity theft:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338
www.ftc.gov idthefll

Consider PIacin~ a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing
a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new
credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant
gets a notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify
the identity of the applicant. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one of the toll-free numbers
provided below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all
three consumer reporting agencies. For more information on fraud alerts, you also may contact the FTC as described
above.

Equifax          Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc.     1-800-525-6285     www.equifax.com
                 P.O. Box 740241
                 Atlanta, GA 30374
Experian         Experian Inc.                                 1-888-397-3742     www.experian.com
                 P.O. Box 9554
                 Allen, TX 75013
TransUnion       TransUnion LLC                                1-800-680-7289     www.transunion.com
                 P.O. Box 2000
                 Chester, PA 19022-2000

Consider Placing a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a “security freeze” (also known as a
“credit freeze”) on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit
file at the consumer reporting agencies without your consent. There may be fees for placing, lifting, and/or removing a
security freeze, which generally range from $5420 per action. Unlike afraud alert, you must place a security freeze on
your creditfile at each consumer reporting agency individually. For more information on security freezes, you may
contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies or the FTC as described above. As the instructions for
establishing a security freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies to
find out more information.
The consumer reporting agencies may require proper identification prior to honoring your request. For example, you may
be asked to provide:
    •      Your hill name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, III)
    •      Your Social Security number
    •      Your date of birth
    •      Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
    •      A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver’s license or military JD card)
    •      Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill or account statement)

For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General about steps you
can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney General at:
Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office about
preventing identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:
North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-900 1
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoi.gov
