Kenneth R. Goulet
President, Commercial & Specialty Business

Anthem, Inc.
120 Monument Circle
Indianapolis, IN 46204




February 24, 2015

Re:       Notice Obligations in Connection with Recently Announced Cyber Attack

Dear Customers:

We received your request for information regarding notices that Anthem, Inc. (“Anthem,” “we” or
“our”) intends to issue in connection with the recently discovered cyber-attack experienced by
Anthem. As you know, on January 29, 2015, Anthem discovered that cyber attackers executed a
sophisticated attack (the “Incident”) to gain unauthorized access to Anthem’s information technology
system and obtained personal information relating to consumers who were or are currently covered
by Anthem.

Certain federal and state laws, as well as contracts between you and Anthem, require that you be
notified about the Incident, and may also require you, after receiving notice from Anthem, to make
additional notices to regulators and individuals. To assist you in fulfilling these obligations, promote a
consistent message to potentially impacted individuals, and in furtherance of our legal obligations,
Anthem will have the notices it provides to regulators and individuals cover identified notice
obligations you may also have to those regulators and individuals, including notice obligations under
the breach notification regulations issued under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act
(collectively, “HIPAA”).

Specifically, Anthem has taken or intends to take the following actions:

         As your business associate, provide to you written notice of the breach and provide
          information as required by HIPAA within sixty (60) days after we discovered the breach;
         Provide, on your behalf, notice to potentially impacted individuals for whom Anthem has
          contact information that Anthem believes to be accurate (if such individual notice has not
          already been sent by Anthem) within legally required timeframes.
         Deliver written notice to identified state regulators as required by state data breach
          notification laws and that notice will reference you as the health plan by name;
       Make substitute notice under HIPAA or state data breach notification laws on your behalf to
        potentially impacted individuals for whom Anthem has insufficient or out-of-date contact
        information or where otherwise permitted by law; and
       Notify federal regulators on your behalf, including the Department of Health and Human
        Services Office for Civil Rights, and that notice will reference you as the health plan by
        name.

Copies of notices will be made available on Anthemfacts.com or will be made available to you upon
your request.

We have issued, or will issue, these notices on your behalf as a service provided under your
agreement with Anthem. All of these notices relating to the Incident will be made at our expense.
Although Anthem is not a law firm and does not provide legal advice, we believe that all notices
delivered, and notices that will be delivered, comply with the applicable laws that require those
notices and fulfill our and your notice obligations relating to the Incident to the notified regulators and
individuals. We encourage you to seek advice from your counsel if you have any questions or
concerns relating to your notice obligations.

We recognize the impact that the Incident may have on affected individuals. Our notices provide
information on how individuals may protect themselves, including how they may enroll in identity
protection services made available by Anthem free of charge. We appreciate your continued
cooperation and patience as we continue to help potentially impacted individuals.

Sincerely,
