Intuit
7535 Torrey Santa Fe Road
San Diego, CA 92129




February 5, 2015
Dear <insert Name(s)>;

In an effort to protect our customers’ personal information, we conducted a review of all customer accounts
late last month. Our review identified that your TurboTax account may have been accessed by someone
other than you. Our investigation leads us to believe that the username and password used to login to your
account were not obtained from an Intuit system but instead were stolen username/password combinations
from other sources. We have no evidence that TurboTax systems have been compromised. If this access was
indeed not by you, someone else may have obtained information contained on your prior year tax returns.

This letter details steps we’re taking to help protect you and suggestions on how to protect yourself in the
future. Please call us if you have questions. We know that this can create concerns. We want to help.

How we’re protecting your TurboTax information

We’ve reset your TurboTax account password to protect your information from future unauthorized access.
To help ensure you’re protected in the future, we’re offering you free credit monitoring through ProtectMyID
service, provided by our credit-monitoring partner Experian. The information included with this letter
provides details about how to use this service. Feel free to email us at TTaxInvestigations@intuit.com with
questions about how to obtain credit-monitoring service if you also have dependents that appear on your
return.

Your next steps

   1. Go to your TurboTax account and go through the online process to reset your password. If you have
      any issues, please contact us at TTaxInvestigations@intuit.com or 866-602-4279.
   2. Once you access your account, review your personal information in MyTurboTax to make sure that it’s
      accurate. Pay particular attention to your email address and bank account information.
   3. To prevent unauthorized access to your other non-Intuit online accounts, you should immediately
      change your passwords for those accounts, particularly if you use the same username and password
      as you use with TurboTax.
   4. Make sure that your computer is properly secured (e.g., anti-virus software, firewall, security patches)
      and check for viruses and malware. More information on how to do this can be found at
      htts://security.intuit.com/protect-your-computer.html.

If you have any additional questions or concerns, feel free to also call our security hotline at 1-800-944-8596.

Sincerely,

Bob Meighan, Vice President, Customer Advocacy, turbotax_advocate@intuit.com
                    Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

        1. Enroll by April 30, 2015. Your code will not work after this date.
        2. Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/alert
        3. Provide your activation code: <insert code(s)>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-297-7780 and provide
engagement number: PC89766

         Additional Details Regarding Your 12-month ProtectMyID Membership

        •   You do not need a credit card to enroll.
        •   Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
             Free copy of your Experian credit report
             Surveillance alerts for:
               o Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes and suspicious activity found on
                   your Experian credit report.
             Identity Theft Resolution and ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to U.S.-based
               customer care and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the
               process of fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each
               incident; help with contacting credit grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including
               credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist with freezing credit files; contact
               government agencies.
               o Identity theft can happen months and even years after personal information has been
                   obtained. To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you
                   with the same high-level of fraud resolution support even after your ProtectMyID
                   membership has expired.
             $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs, including lost wages,
               private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
contact Experian’s customer care team at 877-297-7780.

What you can do to protect your information: Please refer to the last page of this letter to see additional
actions you can consider taking to reduce the chances of identity theft or fraud on your account(s).


* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American
International Group, Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only
and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual
policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
Additional Actions to Help Reduce Your Chances of Identity Theft
   PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
    An initial 90-day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you
    are a victim of fraud. When you or someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name,
    increase the credit limit on an existing account, or obtain a new card on an existing account, the
    lender should takes steps to verify that you have authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify
    this, the request should not be satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting companies
    below for assistance.

    Equifax                           Experian                          TransUnion
    1-800-525-6285                    1-888-397-3742                    1-800-680-7289
    www.equifax.com                   www.experian.com                  www.transunion.com

   PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
    If you are concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might be
    right for you. Placing a freeze on your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing
    your credit report entirely, which will prevent them from extending credit. With a security freeze in
    place, you will be required to take special steps when applying for any type of credit. This process is
    also completed through each of the credit reporting companies.

   ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS
    Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228.

      Once you receive your credit reports, review them for discrepancies. Identify any accounts you did
      not open or inquiries from creditors that you did not authorize. Verify all information is correct. If
      you have questions or notice incorrect information, contact the credit reporting company.

   MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
    Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are
    sharing your personal information with and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive
    information.

   USE TOOLS FROM CREDIT PROVIDERS
    Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive
    and create alerts on credit cards and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover
    unauthorized or suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, file an identity theft
    report with your local police and contact a credit reporting company.

   OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF
    • Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html for general
       information regarding protecting your identity.
    • The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338; TTY: 1-866-653-4261.
       They also provide information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.
    • The North Carolina Attorney General’s Office at ncdoj.gov/Consumer.aspx, 1-877-566-7226, or
       9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001.
