 Return Mail Processing Center
 PO Box 6336	
 Portland, OR 97228-6336


 <<mail id>>
 <<Name1>> 	                                                                                                         <<Date>>
 <<Address1>>
 <<Address2>>
 <<City>><<State>><<Zip>>




                                                              y
                                                            op
 Dear <<Name1>>,
 James R. Glidewell, Dental Ceramics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Glidewell”) recently became aware of a potential security
 incident involving certain personal information in files maintained by Glidewell in connection with your employment. We
 are providing this notice as a precaution to inform all Glidewell employees of the incident and to call their attention to some
 steps they can take to help protect themselves. We sincerely apologize for any frustration or concern this may cause you.
 Glidewell recently learned that an unauthorized individual may have taken certain documents and data maintained and/
 or owned by Glidewell, without Glidewell’s authorization. Based upon a forensic investigation conducted by outside data-
                                         C
 security experts retained by Glidewell to assist in this matter, we believe that certain employee-personnel data may have
 been taken along with other Glidewell proprietary information, including your name, address, social security number, and
 financial account information relating to your direct deposit account. At this time, we have no indication that any of our
 employees’ personal information has been misused; however, if you believe that suspicious or fraudulent activity relating
 to this incident may have taken place, we ask that you bring it to the immediate attention of appropriate Glidewell senior
 management.
 Glidewell takes the privacy of its employees’ personal information seriously, and deeply regrets that this incident occurred.
 We took steps to address this incident promptly after it was discovered, including by engaging outside forensic experts to
 assist us in developing an understanding of what took place and how. Also, we have reported the incident to law enforcement
      f
 and will cooperate with appropriate authorities if and as a criminal investigation is undertaken. In the meantime, we are
 continuing to explore all available means of legal recourse and plan to pursue civil and/or injunctive relief, as may be
   oo

 appropriate. In light of this incident, we are reviewing our internal policies and protocols and are in the process of designing
 and implementing enhanced security measures to help prevent this type of incident from recurring in the future.
 We want to make our employees aware of steps they can take to guard against identity theft or fraud. We recommend
 that you review your financial account statements as soon as possible in order to determine if there are any discrepancies
 or unusual activity listed. You should remain vigilant and continue to monitor your statements for unusual activity
 going forward. If you see anything you do not understand or that looks suspicious, or if you suspect that any fraudulent
 transactions have taken place, you should call your financial institution immediately. We would ask that you also report
 this information to Glidewell’s Legal Department, by contacting Gary Pritchard at gary.pritchard@glidewelldental.com
 or at (949) 440-3877.
 As a general precaution, we also recommend that you carefully check your credit reports for accounts you did not open
Pr


 or for inquiries from creditors you did not initiate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency
 immediately. If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff’s office, and
 file a police report for identity theft and get a copy of it. You may need to give copies of the police report to creditors
 to clear up your records. You may contact the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or your state’s regulatory authority to
 obtain additional information about avoiding and protecting against identity theft: FTC, Consumer Response Center, 600
 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580; 1-877-438-4338; www.ftc.gov/idtheft.
 In addition, we are offering one year of complimentary fraud resolution and identity protection services to all Glidewell
 employees who may have been affected by this incident. For more information about this incident and ways you can
 protect yourself, including eligibility and enrollment information about the identity protection services, you may contact
 us toll-free at 888-227-1416, www.protectmyid.com/alert. Please provide the following engagement number: PC96191;
 and activation code: [ACTIVATION CODE]. Again, we are sorry for any inconvenience or concern this incident may
 cause you.
 Gary Pritchard, Labor Counsel
 Glidewell Laboratories


 O0431 v.04 08.31.2015
                                        Information about Identity Theft Protection
 We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from
 one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at
 www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form
 (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA,
 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit
 reporting agencies listed at the bottom of this page.
 You should remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and you should promptly
 report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including
 local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the
 FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding and protection against identity
 theft: Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580,




                                                              y
 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
 Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on
 notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be
 placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud
 alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you




                                                            op
 have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on
 your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by contacting any of the three national
 credit reporting agencies at the addresses or toll-free numbers listed at the bottom of this page.
 Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file, so
 that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate
 a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your
 consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit
 report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In
 addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The
 cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each
                                         C
 credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit
 reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact the
 three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find out more information.
 You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national credit
 reporting agencies listed below.
                                            National Credit Reporting Agencies
 Equifax (www.equifax.com)                 Experian (www.experian.com)                 TransUnion (www.transunion.com)
 P.O. Box 105851                           P.O. Box 2002                               P.O. Box 105281
      f
 Atlanta, GA 30348                         Allen, TX 75013                             Atlanta, GA 30348
 800-685-1111                              888-397-3742                                877-322-8228
   oo

 Fraud Alerts:                      Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes: Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes:
 P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348 P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013     P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022
 Credit Freezes:                                                       888-909-8872
 P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348
Pr



 O0432 v.04 08.31.2015
