9/10/2013

[Mr. Mrs. Ms. or Estate of (member/patient name)]
[123 Any Street]
[Any Town, XX 12345]

[Dear Mr. Mrs. Ms. (name),]

I am writing to let you know of an incident involving the transmission of confidential member information,
including yours. We take privacy very seriously and sincerely apologize that this occurred.

An electronic file with information pertaining to a pilot Wellness Screening competition at the East End
Complex was accidentally emailed by a Kaiser Permanente employee to a member of the pilot planning
team on May 16, 2013. Please note that the recipient of the file does not work for, or represent, your
employer. While the recipient was intended and authorized to receive the summary competition
information, some of your personal information related to the competition was accidentally included in
another location within the same file.

The personal information in the file, which was collected from you when you signed up for your
screening, included your first and last name, Kaiser Permanente medical record number, phone number,
email address, employer name, department name, and the appointment date and time for the health
screening if you selected one. Please be assured that no information was shared regarding the
screening results.

Your personal information was unknowingly included and not ever viewed by the recipient. The error was
discovered by Kaiser Permanente in late July 2013, and we immediately launched an investigation into
what happened and worked with the recipient and the recipient’s employer to delete the electronic file
from their systems. The recipient has been very cooperative and has given Kaiser Permanente every
assurance, including a legal attestation, that the information was not viewed and has been deleted.

On behalf of Kaiser Permanente, we offer our sincerest apology that this unfortunate incident occurred.
We assure you that safeguarding your information is one of our highest priorities and we are taking the
necessary steps to ensure that this type of error does not happen again. If you have any questions with
regard to this matter, please call 1-866-549-6323 Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Sincerely,




Vice President, California Strategic Accounts


Enclosures
KP Notice of Privacy Practices

As described in our Notice of Privacy Practices, you have privacy rights under a federal law that protects
your health information. We must follow this law to protect your privacy rights. These rights are
important for you to know. You can exercise these rights, ask questions about them, and file a complaint
if you think your rights are being denied or your health information has not been protected. You may find
out more about your privacy rights by reading our Notice. We are enclosing a copy for your
convenience.
