October 29, 2012

[First Name] [Last Name]
[Street Address]
[City], [State], [ZIP code]

Dear [First Name],

We are writing to let you know of an incident involving the unauthorized transmission of confidential employee
information, including some information belonging to you. We take privacy very seriously and we sincerely
apologize that this happened. As a result of our investigation, we believe it is highly unlikely that your
information has been, or will be used for unlawful purposes. This notification is in compliance with California
law, which requires notifying all former and current employees when there is a release of certain confidential
information.

On August 24, 2012, an employee in Kaiser Permanente’s Northern California Region Recruitment department
mistakenly emailed a list of former Northern California KP employees who left the organization between 1990
and 2006 to a person not authorized to receive the information. Some of these NCAL former employees have
since returned to KP in various regions. This list contained, among other information, your name and Social
Security number. No personal health information was involved.

The unintended recipient who received the information has been extremely cooperative. Kaiser Permanente’s
IT Security conducted a detailed analysis to confirm that the recipient effectively deleted the information and
that the information had not been further emailed or printed. As a result of our investigation, we believe it is
highly unlikely that your information has been, or will be used for unlawful purposes.

We also wish to reassure you that this incident involved your employment information with Kaiser Permanente
only and that none of your personal health information as a member of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan was
involved.

This situation was brought to our attention in late August, 2012, and we immediately took steps to investigate
and secure the information that was inadvertently transmitted. We have since put in place new controls to
secure this type of employee information and prevent this from happening again.

We understand your concerns about the privacy of your personal information. Again, we apologize that this
unfortunate incident occurred. We have established the following phone number for you to call if you have
questions or concerns: 866-578-5413. Thank you.

Sincerely,




Gay Westfall                                                Connie Wilson
Senior Vice President, Human Resources,                     Vice President, Human Resources
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals and Health Plan                 The Permanente Medical Group


HR Service Center, PO Box 2074, Oakland, CA
