April 3, 2014

[(FIRST NAME) (MI) (LAST NAME)]
[(NOKADDRESS)]
[(NOKCITY), (NOKSTATE) (NOKZIP)]

[(FIRST NAME) (MI) (LAST NAME)]:

I am writing to tell you about a health information privacy matter. On February 12, 2014,
we discovered that a computer (also known as a server) was infected with malicious
software. This server was used by the Kaiser Permanente Northern California Division of
Research to store research data. We currently have no information that any unauthorized
person accessed the information on the server. However, the malicious software broke
down the server’s security barriers so we are investigating and responding with a very high
level of caution and concern. We are very sorry that this happened.

We wanted to let you know about this because information related to you and your
participation in the [study name] research study was on the server or in a file connected to
the server. As you may recall, the purpose of the [study name] study was to identify the
[study purpose detail].

The information included your first and last name, date of birth, age, and gender. It may
also have included your address, race/ethnicity, medical record number, lab results
associated with the research, and responses you provided to research-related questions,
depending upon the research study.

Your Social Security Number (SSN) was not included in the data. Your Kaiser
Permanente electronic medical record, which is used for your ongoing medical care and
services, was not included in the data.

We have no indication that your information has been used for fraud or other criminal
activity. We have found no evidence to date that the information on the server or
connected to the server was ever actually opened, copied, or used by any unauthorized
persons. We believe the malicious software infected the server in October 2011.

Protecting your information is a responsibility we take very seriously. Once this incident
was recognized, we immediately removed the server and confirmed that our other servers
were unaffected and appropriately protected. We have alerted the appropriate State and
federal authorities, and we are continuing to take appropriate steps to reduce the chance of
future incidents like this.

Again, please accept our apology.
If you have any questions with regard to this matter, please call 1-877-811-0019. Hours of
operation for this toll free telephone line are 8 am – 6 pm PDT Monday through Friday.

Kaiser Permanente respects your right to file a complaint. If you have any questions,
concerns or wish to file a complaint with us, please contact us at 1-877-811-0019. Hours of
operation for this toll free telephone line are 8 am – 6 pm PDT Monday through Friday.

You also have the right to contact the Department of Health and Human Services through
the Office for Civil Rights at 1-800-368-1019.

Sincerely,




Tracy Lieu, MD, MPH
Director Northern California
Division of Research



Enclosures
KP Notice of Privacy Practices

As described in our Notice of Privacy Practices, you have privacy rights under a Federal
law that protects your health information. We must follow this law to protect your privacy
rights. These rights are important for you to know. You can exercise these rights, ask
questions about them, and file a complaint if you think your rights are being denied or your
health information has not been protected. You may find out more about your privacy
rights by reading our Notice. We are enclosing a copy for your convenience.
