                                    SCHUERING ZIMMERMAN
                                        & DOYLE, LLP
                                                Attorneys at Law
400 University Avenue                                                                    Leo H. Schuering, Jr.
Sacramento, CA 95825-6502                                                               Robert H. Zimmerman
(916) 567-0400                                                                               Thomas J. Doyle*
FAX: 568-0400                                                                         Lawrence Scott Giardina*
                                                                                             Keith D. Chidlaw
Website: www.szs.com                            August 5, 2013                          Dominique A. Pollara*
                                                                                        Theodore D. Poppinga
                                                                                              Glenn M. Holley
                                                                                                     Kat Todd
                                                                                            Erik M. Aanestad*
                                                                                              Jason S. Barnas*
       FIELD(prefix) FIELD(first) FIELD(Last)                                             Michael J. Campbell
                                                                                            Chad C. Couchot*
       FIELD(address)                                                                      James R. Cummins
                                                                                              Christian Koster
       FIELD(city)                                                                          Andrew S. Larsen
                                                                                         Matthew B. Robinson
                                                                                            David J. Van Dam
                                                                                            Preston R. Young

       Re:     Notification of Privacy Breach                                              *Also admitted in Nevada


       Dear FIELD(Prefix) FIELD(last):                                                Steven T. Scully (1948-1994)


       The security, confidentiality, integrity and privacy of patient personal information are
       highly valued by Kathleen Whisman, M.D. We are writing you because of a disclosure of
       your personally identifiable information.

       On or about April 11, 2013, Dr. Whisman received a telephone call from the San Ramon
       Police Department indicating that they were in the process of breaking up an identity theft
       ring and found information on the suspect's computer concerning some of her patients.
       Dr. Whisman can only speculate that the information on the suspect's computer was
       removed from a recently stolen computer. In 1999, Dr. Whisman was changing billing
       companies and she believes that the patient information had been stored on the stolen
       computer to assist with this transition. In April 2013, the investigation was on-going and
       Dr. Whisman was asked to delay notification to allow the investigation to be completed
       by the police.

       Dr. Whisman has now been advised to proceed with her breach notifications. Based on
       a copy of the information provided by the police, the database contained the following
       information on her 1998-1999 patients:

                       Full Name,
                       Address,
                       Telephone number,
                       Date of Birth,
                       Social Security Number, and
                       Insurance plan information.

       In light of the ongoing investigation into the identity theft ring, we ask that you
       immediately check with your banks and obtain credit reports. Since we have no idea
       how long this ring has been operating and how long they were in possession of the
FIELD(prefix) FIELD(first) FIELD(Last)
August 5, 2013
Page 2


patient information, it may be that you have already suffered from identity theft. If you
have had any problems caused by identity theft, please immediately contact the Contra
Costa County District Attorney's Office at:

Renier Hernandez, Sr. Inspector
Contra Costa County District Attorney’s Office
Northern California Computer Crimes Task Force
(707) 253-4226
Email: Rhernandez@nc3tf.org

We believe you should consider a credit monitoring service, to daily check your credit
rating and scan the internet for use of your name or social security number, changes of
addresses, etc. For this purpose, we are offering to provide you with a monitoring service
from Experian, either the Experian ProtectMyID™ Elite program for adults, or, for minor
patients, the Experian Family Secure™ program, free of charge for one year. To receive
the appropriate code to logon and begin the program, please contact the undersigned as
soon as possible.

Dr. Whisman sincerely apologizes for this breach of protected personal information. The
circumstances that resulted in this breach were unforseen and Dr. Whisman assures you
that office procedures and protections currently in place making it extremely unlikely
there will be any future, similar circumstances.

If you have any questions and/or wish to discuss the credit monitoring service offered,
please contact our office directly. Our toll free telephone number is (888) 233-2305.

Very truly yours,

SCHUERING ZIMMERMAN
& DOYLE, LLP



Christian Koster

CK:slb
4003/9572
