<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>                                                  <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
Keenan & Associates (Keenan) is the third-party administrator of your health insurance benefits. I am writing to inform
you of an incident that may have involved some of your information as an employee or a dependent of an employee of
<<ClientDef1(Client Name)>>, related to our services as a third party administrator of your health insurance benefits.
What happened?
On October 9, 2015, we learned that documents containing information relating to some <<ClientDef1(Client Name)>>
employees and some of their dependents could potentially be found through searches on the Internet. We immediately
began an investigation and discovered that the documents may have been made available on the Internet when a vendor
misconfigured security settings on the portal where the documents were stored. The portal settings have since been
reconfigured and the documents are no longer searchable on the Internet.
What information was involved?
Our investigation has determined that the documents potentially made available on the Internet may have contained your
name, address, telephone number, birth date, medical plan name, plan identifier and, in some instances, Social Security
number. The documents did not contain any medical information such as claim information, test results or diagnostic codes.
What is Keenan doing to protect you?
To date, Keenan has no evidence that any of the information stored on the portal has been used improperly. However, in an
abundance of caution, we have secured the services of Kroll to provide identity monitoring at no cost to you for two years.
Kroll is a global leader in risk mitigation and response, and their team has extensive experience helping people who have
sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential data. Your identity monitoring includes Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher,
Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan, $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, and Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. To
enroll, visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com using membership number <<MemberID>> and follow the online instructions to
take advantage of your identity monitoring. To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-855-287-9328.
Additional information describing your services is included with this letter.
Also, please review the enclosed “Information about Identity Theft Protection” reference guide included with this letter,
which describes additional steps you can take to help protect yourself, including recommendations by the Federal Trade
Commission regarding identity theft protection and details on how to place a fraud alert or a security freeze on your
credit file. We further recommend that you regularly review the Explanation of Benefits (EOB) statements we send you. If
you identify medical services listed on your EOB that you did not receive, please contact us immediately. To help prevent
something like this from happening in the future, we are instructing our vendors not to use the software tool that caused
this to happen.
Where can you get more information on this issue?
Protecting your information is incredibly important to us at Keenan, as is helping you through this with the information and
support you need. If you have any questions, please call the dedicated privacy incident hotline at 1-855-287-9328, Monday
through Friday from 9:30 AM - 7:00 PM Central Time.
Sincerely,



M. Elizabeth Sassano
Privacy Officer

                                                                                                                     930W91-1115
                                TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOUR IDENTITY MONITORING SERVICES

      You’ve been provided with access to services from Kroll. To enroll, visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com using membership
      number <<MemberID>> and follow the online instructions to take advantage of your identity monitoring 1. To receive credit
      services by mail instead of online, please call 1-855-287-9328. The following services are included:
      Credit Monitoring through TransUnion
      You’ll receive alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for instance, when a new line of credit is applied for
      in your name. If you do not recognize the activity, you’ll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help you
      determine if it’s an indicator of identity theft.
      Quick Cash Scan
      Quick Cash Scan monitors thousands of short-term and cash-advance loan sources. You’ll receive an alert when a loan is
      reported, and you can call a Kroll investigator for more information.
      Public Persona
      Public Persona monitors public record databases for names, aliases and addresses that are associated with your Social
      Security number. If information is found, an alert email is sent.
      Web Watcher
      This program monitors internet sites where criminals buy, sell and trade personal information. You’ll be promptly notified if
      evidence of identity information being traded or sold is discovered.
      Consultation
      You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice
      tips to assist in ongoing protection, explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
      interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating suspicious activity that could be tied to
      an identity theft event.
      Restoration
      Should you become a victim of identity theft; a dedicated licensed investigator can work on your behalf to resolve related
      issues. The investigator does more than shoulder the bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the
      theft, and then work to resolve it.
      $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance
      Reimburses you for out-of-pocket expenses totaling up to $1 million in legal costs for any one stolen identity event. All
      coverage is subject to the conditions and exclusions in the policy.




1
    Kroll’s activation website is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. To receive
    credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your name, and have a U.S.
    residential address associated with your credit file.
                             INFORMATION ABOUT PREVENTING IDENTITY THEFT

Even if you choose not to take advantage of this free credit monitoring service, we encourage you to remain vigilant
to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit card, bank, and other financial statements for any
unauthorized activity. You may also obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, directly from each of the three
nationwide credit reporting agencies. To order your credit report, free of charge once every 12 months, please visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three nationwide credit
reporting agencies is as follows:
	Equifax	                          Experian	                     TransUnion
	 PO Box 740241	                   PO Box 9554	                  PO Box 2000
	 Atlanta, GA 30374	               Allen, TX 75013	              Chester, PA 92834
	www.equifax.com	                  www.experian.com	             www.transunion.com
	1-800-525-6285	                   1-888-397-3742	               1-800-680-7289	
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been misused,
you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Attorney General’s office in your home state.
Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:
	 Federal Trade Commission
	 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
	 Washington, DC 20580
	www.ftc.gov
	1-877-438-4338
You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft as well as
information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities and
file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to provide copies to creditors to correct your
records. This notification was not delayed as a result of law enforcement investigation.
