VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL

September 21, 2015

NAME
ADDRESS

Dear NAME,

We are writing to tell you about an incident involving certain information about you at Kindred
Transitional Care and Rehabilitation – Lawton (Lawton). Importantly, this incident does not involve
your Social Security number, Medicare number, credit card number or other financial information, or
any details about your care or treatment at Lawton.

On August 31, 2015, we learned that an office computer had been stolen from a locked office within
the facility. We believe that the theft occurred between August 28 and August 31. On September 1,
we learned one or more files containing certain information about you were stored on the computer.
The information included your name and one or more of the following: admission and discharge dates,
facility name, Kindred-issued patient number, and certain accounting-related information such as
copayment or days of Medicare use. Although the computer was password-protected, we cannot rule
out the possibility that any information contained on the computer could be accessed by an
unauthorized person. We are not aware of improper use of the limited information about you contained
on the computer.

We reported the incident to law enforcement immediately upon learning of it and are cooperating fully
in their investigation. We are closely evaluating our security measures and taking appropriate steps to
minimize the risk of such incidents in the future.

We sincerely regret this incident and want you to know that we are committed to providing quality
care, including protecting patient information. If you have questions, please contact Stacie
McCutcheon, Manager of HIPAA Compliance, at 502-596-2219, toll free at 800-545-0749, or by
email at stacie.mccutcheon@kindred.com.

Sincerely,


Kelly Priegnitz
Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer




                                                                                   680 South Fourth Street
                                                                               Louisville, Kentucky 40202
                                                                                             502-596-7300
