November 20, 2013


Via Electronic Transmission




To Whom It May Concern:

         I am writing to you on behalf of Kroll Background America, Inc. to notify you of an
incident that resulted in an unauthorized acquisition of personal information of 548 of your
state’s residents. In September, 2013, Kroll Background America learned that it was one of
several victims of a criminal cyberattack. A portion of Kroll Background America’s computer
network was the target of an intrusion between June and September of 2013. Upon learning of
this intrusion, we promptly notified law enforcement authorities and took immediate steps to
investigate the information that may have been accessed and the extent of any possible
compromise of your state’s residents’ information. In late October of 2013, we determined that
personally identifiable information of your state’s residents may have been accessed.

         The investigation indicates that the incident resulted in unauthorized acquisition of
certain individuals’ names, and in some instances their dates of birth, addresses, and social
security numbers. Kroll Background America is in the process of notifying the individuals, using
the form of notification letter attached as Exhibit A. In addition, as reflected in the notification
letter, we have arranged to provide through Kroll Advisory Services identity theft protection, at
no charge, to all individuals whose social security number was compromised. This mailing is in
the process of being implemented.

         We continue to cooperate with relevant federal law enforcement agencies as they work to
identify the parties responsible for these criminal attacks. We also intend to continue our ongoing
efforts to enhance our information security policies and procedures in light of this incident to
help minimize the risk of such incidents to personal information in the future.

      If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Gregg Freeman at
gfreeman@hireright.com or 949-428-5833.

                                                      Sincerely,


                                                      Jenifer DeLoach
                                                      General Manager, Americas,
                                                      Kroll Background America, Inc.
                                                                     Kroll Background America, Inc.
                                                                     100 Centerview Drive, Suite 300
                                                                     Nashville, Tennessee 37214
Kroll Background America, Inc.

[Consumer  Name<<Middlename>>
 <<Firstname>>  and Address]    <<Lastname>>                   [Date]
                                                                   <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
 <<Address1>>
 <<Address2>>
 <<City>>, <<Stateprovince>> <<Postalcode>>
<<Intelligent Mail Barcode>>



Dear [Consumer
     <<Firstname>>
               Name],<<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>,
Kroll Background America, Inc. (“KBA” or “we”), an employment background screening provider,
recently learned that it was one of several victims in a criminal cyber attack. We are writing to let you
know that an incident may have involved some of your personal information.
Upon learning of the incident, KBA promptly notiﬁed law enforcement authorities and took immediate
steps to investigate the information that may have been accessed and the extent of any possible
compromise of your information. We continue to cooperate with federal law enforcement agencies
as they work to identify the parties responsible for these criminal attacks. We are also devoting our
resources to our ongoing efforts to enhance our information security policies and procedures in light
of this incident to minimize the risk of such incidents in the future.
Although KBA is still investigating the incident, we have reason to believe the information accessed
included your [Consumer  Information].
               <<ClientDef1(name,   date of birth, Social Security number, and address. (will change for
different variations)>>
At this time, we have no evidence that any personal information has been misused, or that any ﬁnancial
information was compromised. We are notifying you, however, so that you can take steps to help
protect your information from unauthorized use, such as the steps detailed in the enclosed reference
guide. We urge you to be vigilant about monitoring unauthorized account activity and to alert your bank
and/or account issuers who may be able to impose additional security measures. KBA is also working
with Kroll Advisory Solutions to provide you with services at no cost to you to help you safeguard your
identity, including consultation and restoration services in the event of a potential identity theft.

What Are We Doing To Protect You?
To help relieve concerns and restore conﬁdence following this incident, we have secured the services of
Kroll Advisory Solutions to provide identity theft safeguards at no cost to you for one (1) year through
                  TM
its ID TheftSmart program. Kroll Advisory Solutions is a global leader in risk mitigation and response,
and their team has extensive experience when it comes to helping people who have sustained an
unintentional exposure of conﬁdential data.
Your identity theft safeguards include Continuous Credit Monitoring and Enhanced Identity Theft
Consultation and Restoration. For instructions on how to receive your services, please reference the
“Next Steps” box on the second page of this letter.
If you have any questions, please call 1-877-451-9366, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through
Friday. Kroll’s Licensed Investigators are standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns
you may have.




                                                                                                 930M52-1113
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this incident may cause you.
Sincerely,


Kroll Background America




             Next Steps

   Ö         Your membership number is: <<MEMBERSHIPNUMBER>>
             1. Go to www.idintegrity.com to start your credit monitoring
                Please be prepared to provide your membership number. Instructions are provided online.
               If you would prefer to receive your alerts through the mail instead of online, ﬁll out the
               enclosed Consumer Credit Services Authorization Form and return it in the enclosed
               postage-paid envelope.
             2. Call 1-877-451-9366 if you need help or have questions
                8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday
                Kroll representatives are ready to help you.
                                                  Reference Guide

To protect against possible identity theft or other ﬁnancial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to review
your account statements, to monitor your credit reports and to consider these additional steps:
Security Freeze. Some state laws allow you to place a security freeze on your credit reports. This would prohibit a
credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your written permission.
You should be aware, however, that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or
prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit, mortgages, employment, housing or
other services. The speciﬁc costs and procedures for placing a security freeze vary by state law, but this reference
guide provides general information. You can ﬁnd additional information at the websites of any of the three credit
reporting agencies listed below.
If you believe that you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the credit reporting agency with a
valid police report, it will not charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze on your credit reports. In all
other cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 (and in some cases, up to $20.00) each time
you place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.
Requirements vary by state, but generally to place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written
request to each of the three credit reporting agencies noted below, which must include the following information:
(1) Full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.); (2) Social Security Number; (3) Date of birth;
(4) Addresses for the prior ﬁve years; (5) Proof of current address; (6) A legible copy of a government issued
identiﬁcation card; (7) A copy of any relevant police report, investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement
agency concerning identity theft and (8) If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money
order, or credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash though the mail.
Equifax Security Freeze          Experian Security Freeze        TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105788                  P.O. Box 9554                   P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348           Allen, Texas 75013              Fullerton, California
877-478-7625                     888-397-3742                    92834-6790
www.equifax.com                  www.experian.com                800-680-7289
                                                                 www.transunion.com
Free Credit Reports. To order a free copy of your credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free
at (877) 322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s
(“FTC”) website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta,
GA 30348-5281. The three national credit bureaus provide free annual credit reports only through the website,
toll-free number or request form.
When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the “inquiries”
section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill under names
other than their store or commercial names. The credit bureau will be able to tell you when that is the case. Look
in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as home address and Social
Security number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit bureau at the telephone number
on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the
credit bureaus of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the
information can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did
not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate credit bureau by telephone and in writing.
Fraud Alerts. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit ﬁle. A
fraud alert alerts you of an attempt by an unauthorized person to open a new credit account in your name. When a
merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may
be the victim of identity theft. The alert notiﬁes the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You
can place a free fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one of the toll-free fraud numbers provided below.
You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to ﬂag your ﬁle with a fraud alert at all three credit
bureaus. You can also place a fraud alert on your credit report online at the websites listed below for Equifax and
Experian and via email for TransUnion at fvad@transunion.com.
Equifax                                Experian                    TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105069                        P.O. Box 1017               P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348-5069            Allen, Texas 75013          Fullerton, California 92834-6790
800-525-6285                           888-397-3742                800-680-7289
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com            www.experian.com            www.transunion.com
Police Report. If you ﬁnd suspicious activity on your credit reports or account statements, or have reason to believe
that your personal information is being misused, contact your local law enforcement authorities immediately and
ﬁle a police report. You have the right to request a copy of the police report and should retain it for further use, as
many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of potential fraudulent debts.
Consulting the FTC. In addition to your state Attorney General, you can contact the FTC to learn more about how
to protect yourself from identity theft:
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/
State Notification Requirements

All States.
You may obtain a copy of your credit report or request information on how to place a fraud alert or security freeze by
contacting any of the national credit bureaus below. It is recommended that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and
identity theft by reviewing credit card account statements and monitoring your credit report for unauthorized activity.
     Equifax                                 Experian                                TransUnion
     P.O. Box 740241                         P.O. Box 2104                           P.O. Box 2000
     Atlanta, Georgia 30374                  Allen, TX 75013                         Chester, PA 19022
     1-800-685-1111                          1-888-397-3742                          1-800-888-4213
     www.equifax.com                         www.experian.com                        www.transunion.com

For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia.
It is required by state laws to inform you that you may obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, whether or not
you suspect any unauthorized activity on your account.

For residents of Iowa.
State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.

For residents of Oregon.
State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement, as well as the Federal Trade
Commission.

For residents of Illinois, Maryland and North Carolina.
You can obtain information from the Maryland and North Carolina Offices of the Attorneys General and the
Federal Trade Commission about steps you can take toward preventing identity theft.
     Maryland Office of the                  North Carolina Office of the             Federal Trade Commission
     Attorney General                        Attorney General                         Consumer Response Center
     Consumer Protection Division            Consumer Protection Division             600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
     200 St. Paul Place                      9001 Mail Service Center                 Washington, DC 20580
     Baltimore, MD 21202                     Raleigh, NC 27699-9001                   1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
     1-888-743-0023                          1-877-566-7226                           www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/
     www.oag.state.md.us                     www.ncdoj.com

For residents of Massachusetts.
It is required by state law that you are informed of your right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.

For residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia.
You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report by contacting any of the credit bureaus listed at the top of
this page. A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your
consent.
To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able to use an online process, an automated telephone line or a
written request. The following information must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a
credit report for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any
suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years; and
(5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request
must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or insurance
statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue. The
consumer reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze and free if you are a victim
of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and you have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity
theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.
                                                                                                                                        166-0312
