                                                        NOTICE OF DATA BREACH
    LANDRY’S AND GOLDEN NUGGET COMPLETE INVESTIGATION AND REPORT ON PAYMENT
                                 CARD INCIDENT
Landry’s, Inc. and Golden Nugget Hotels and Casinos (collectively “the Companies”) value the relationship we have with our customers. Because we
understand the importance of protecting payment card information, we have been working tirelessly to complete the previously announced payment card
investigation.

                                                                    What Happened

The investigation began immediately after we received a report in early December of suspicious activity regarding cards that had been legitimately used in
some of our locations. We hired a leading cyber security firm to examine our payment card systems, implemented advanced payment processing
solutions, and have been working with the payment card networks and law enforcement. Findings from the investigation show that criminal attackers
were able to install a program on payment card processing devices at certain of our restaurants, food and beverage outlets, spas, entertainment
destinations, and managed properties.

                                                           What Information Was Involved

The program was designed to search for data from the magnetic stripe of payment cards that had been swiped (cardholder name, card number,
expiration date and internal verification code) as the data was being routed through affected systems. Locations were affected at different times during
one or both of the following periods: from May 4, 2014 through March 15, 2015 and from May 5, 2015 through December 3, 2015. In addition, the at-
risk timeframe for a small percentage of locations includes the period from March 16, 2015 through May 4, 2015. To view all of our restaurants, hotels,
casinos, entertainment destinations, and managed properties, click here. For a list of only the affected locations and respective at-risk timeframes, click
here.

                                                                  What We Are Doing

Enhanced security measures, including end-to-end encryption, have been implemented to prevent a similar issue from occurring in the future, and we
continue to support law enforcement’s investigation. We are also working closely with the payment card networks to identify potentially affected cards
so that the card issuers can be made aware and initiate heightened monitoring of those accounts. For those customers we can identify as having used their
card at an affected location during that location’s at-risk window and for whom we have a mailing address or e-mail address, we will be mailing them a
letter or sending them an e-mail.

                                                                   What You Can Do

If you used a card at an affected location during its at-risk window, we recommend that you remain vigilant to the possibility of fraud by reviewing your
payment card statements for any unauthorized activity. You should immediately report any unauthorized charges to your card issuer because payment
card rules generally provide that cardholders are not responsible for unauthorized charges reported in a timely manner. The phone number to call is
usually on the back of your payment card. Please see the section that follows this notice for additional steps you may take to protect your information.

                                                                 For More Information

Landry’s and Golden Nugget regret any inconvenience or concern this may have caused. If you have any questions, please call (877) 238-2151 (U.S.
and Canada), Monday thru Friday from 9:00 am to 7:00 pm EST.

                               MORE INFORMATION ON WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF
We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit reports for any unauthorized activity. You may obtain a copy of
your credit report, free of charge, once every 12 months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. To order your annual free credit
report, please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three nationwide credit reporting
companies is as follows:
Equifax, PO Box 740256, Atlanta, GA 30374, www.equifax.com, 1-800-525-6285
Experian, PO Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com,1-888-397-3742
TransUnion, PO Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022-2000, www.transunion.com, 1-800-916-8800
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been misused, you should immediately contact

                                                                                                                               converted by W eb2PDFConvert.com
the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Attorney General’s office in your state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:
Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft as well as information about fraud alerts and
security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you
are asked to provide copies to creditors to correct your records.




                                                                                                                               converted by W eb2PDFConvert.com
