LAW OFFICES OF
DAVID A. KRAUSZ, P.C.
                                                                    2740 VAN NESS AVENUE, SUITE 300
                                                                      SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94109-1463
                                                                          TELEPHONE: (415) 567-5000
                                                                                 WWW.LODAKPC.COM

                                        January 12, 2015

Dear Client:

On January 6, 2015, Law Offices of David A. Krausz, P.C. experienced the theft of a laptop
computer that contained identifying client information including names, social security numbers
and dates of birth. As a result of this incident, information identifiable with you was potentially
exposed to others. The theft was reported to the San Francisco Police Department and a report
was filed.

Out of an abundance of caution, however, Law Offices of David A. Krausz, P.C. is taking all
possible steps to protect and inform our clients. While you do not need to take any action
unless you are aware of suspicious activity regarding your personal information, there are steps
you may take to protect against identify theft and we wanted you to be aware of these. The
Federal Trade Commission website suggests taking the following steps if your personal
information has been compromised. Call the toll-free fraud number of any one of the three
nationwide consumer reporting companies and place an initial fraud alert on your credit reports.
A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before they open any new accounts or change
your existing accounts. Contact any one of the three major credit bureaus using the information
listed below. The company you contact is required to notify the other two, which will place an
alert on their versions of your credit report as well. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit
report for 90 days.

Equifax: (800) 525-6285; www.equifax.com; P.O. Box 740231, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241

Experian: (888) 397-3742; www.experian.com; P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013;

TransUnion: (800) 680-7289; www.transunion.com; Fraud Victim Assistance Division,
P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790

When you place the alert, you will get information about ordering one free credit report from
each of the companies. It is prudent to wait about a month after your information was stolen
before you order your report. That is because suspicious activity may not show up right away.
Once you get your reports, review them for suspicious activity, like inquiries from companies
you did not contact, accounts you did not open, and debts on your account that you cannot
explain. Check that the information - such as your social security number, address, name and
employers is correct. In addition, please be aware of any phone calls, e-mails or other
communications from individuals asking for your personal information or verification of it. This is
often referred to as information solicitation or “phishing” Legitimate organizations will not
contact you to ask for or confirm your personal information.

We regret this incident and inconvenience or concern this situation may cause, but we believe it
is important for you to be fully informed of any potential risk resulting from this incident. Again
we want to reassure you we have no evidence that your protected data has been misused. We
take our obligation to serve our current and former clients very seriously and we are committed
to protecting your privacy at the highest level possible.

Sincerely,

David A. Krausz
