October 10, 2013

Dear Madam or Sir:

We are writing to you because of a recent security incident at the Legal Aid Society of San
Mateo County involving our personal information.

On the night of August 12, 2013, our office was burglarized and ten of our laptops were stolen.
The stolen laptops were used by our attorneys to assist individuals in getting services. We
believe that your personal information may have been stored on the stolen laptops. The personal
information believed to be stored on the stolen laptops includes your name, Social Security
number, date of birth, medical and health information.

Because your Social Security number was involved and to protect yourself from the possibility
of identity theft, we recommend that you place a fraud alert on your credit files by following the
recommended privacy protection steps outlined in the enclosure.

Because your health insurance information was also involved, you should regularly review the
explanation of benefits statement that you receive from your health insurer or health plan. If you
see any service that you believe you did not receive, please contact your health insurer or health
plan at the number on the statement. If you do not receive a regular explanation of benefits
statements, contact your health insurer or health plan and ask them to send such statements
following the provision of services provided in your name or under your plan.

Please keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical
records. You may also want to request a copy of your medical records from your health care
provider to serve as a baseline. For more information about privacy protection steps and your
medical privacy rights, you may visit the website of the California Department of Justice,
Privacy Enforcement and Protection Unit at www.privacy.ca.gov.

We are sorry that this incident occurred and want to assure you we are carefully reviewing our
procedures and practices to minimize the risk of recurrence. If you have any questions or
concerns, or if you need any further information about this incident, please contact M. Stacey
Hawver at 800-381-8898.

Sincerely,



M. Stacey Hawver
Executive Director



                                       


                                                                        


                                                
