We are contacting you to inform you that on February 1, 2015, a burglary occurred at our Liberty Tax Service office at 27214
Baseline Street, Highland CA, during which some files and electronic records were taken.
We take aggressive steps to protect your personal information, including an active alarm monitoring system, security cameras,
and ensuring all records are securely locked. However, despite our efforts the burglars removed some files and computer
towers from the premises. The information contained in the towers was password protected.
We believe that some of your personal information, including your name, address, date of birth, identification number, social
security number, income documents and (if applicable) names of your dependents, their dates of birth, and their social
security numbers, may have been on those computer towers. Based on what we know now, there is no evidence that credit
card information was compromised.

    We have contacted the San Bernardino County Sheriff, Highland Department, and they are investigating the crime. The
     police report number 131500495. You can reach the sheriff’s department at (909) 425-9793.

    We will offer one year of credit monitoring free of charge to our customers who may have been affected. You can call our
     office at 909-864-8122 to set up an appointment to begin your free credit monitoring.

    We will work with you to file paperwork with the IRS, State and all credit reporting agencies to help safeguard your
     personal information.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact our management team:
Linda Sowell, office manager, 909-864-8122 or Jeanette Burr, district manager, 909-533-0448

Sincerely,
Sam Hilo
CEO, YBF Tax Inc dba Liberty Tax Service, 27214 Baseline St, San Bernardino, CA 92376


                   ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO HELP REDUCE YOUR CHANCES OF IDENTITY THEFT

          PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
     An initial 90 day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you are a victim of fraud. When you or
     someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name, increase the credit limit on an existing account, or obtain a new card on
     an existing account, the lender should takes steps to verify that you have authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify this, the
     request should not be satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting companies below for assistance.
                      Equifax                                          Experian                           TransUnion
                  1-800-525-6285                                    1-888-397-3742                      1-800-680-7289
                  www.equifax.com                                  www.experian.com                    www.transunion.com
          PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
     If you are very concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might be right for you. Placing a freeze on
     your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing your credit report entirely, which will prevent them from extending credit.
     With a Security Freeze in place, you will be required to take special steps when you wish to apply for any type of credit. This process is
     also completed through each of the credit reporting companies.

          ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS
     Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228. Once you receive your credit reports, review them for discrepancies. Identify any
     accounts you did not open or inquiries from creditors that you did not authorize. Verify all information is correct. If you have questions or
     notice incorrect information, contact the credit reporting company.

          MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
     Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are sharing your personal information with
     and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive information.

          USE TOOLS FROM CREDIT PROVIDERS
     Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive and create alerts on credit cards
     and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover unauthorized or suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other
     means, file an identity theft report with your local police and contact a credit reporting company.

          OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF
                Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html for general information regarding protecting your
                 identity.
                The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338; TTY: 1-866-653-4261. They also provide
                 information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft
