  Processing Center • P.O. Box 3825 • Suwanee, GA 30024




                                                                                    May 19, 2014
  John Q Sample
  123 Main Street
  Anytown, US 12345-6789




Dear John Q Sample,
We are writing to inform you that certain personal information that Lowe’s maintains about you
may have been subject to unauthorized access. Lowe’s contracts with a third-party vendor to
provide a computer system (E-DriverFile) that stores compliance documentation and information
related to current and former drivers of Lowe’s vehicles as well as information about certain
current and former employees who access and administer the system. The personal information in
E-DriverFile may include names, addresses, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, driver’s
license numbers, Sales IDs, and other driving record information. We recently learned that the
vendor unintentionally backed up this data to an unsecured computer server that was accessible
from the Internet. You are receiving this notice because we’ve determined that your Social
Security number and/or driver’s license number was in E-DriverFile and thus potentially exposed.

Promptly after learning of the potential issue, the vendor blocked access to the unsecured backup
server and retained data security experts to conduct an investigation of the incident. That
investigation determined that personal information from the backup server may have been
accessed between July 2013 and April 2014. To ensure that each potentially impacted person can
take steps to protect themselves, we are providing this notice. At this time, we have no evidence
that any of the information has been misused.

We sincerely regret that this incident may affect you. We take our obligation to safeguard
personal information very seriously and are alerting you so you can take steps to help protect
yourself. You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies.           To order your free credit reports, visit                  *0103000000*
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228. We encourage you to remain
vigilant by reviewing your account statements and monitoring your free credit reports.

In addition, we have arranged for you to receive one year of credit protection services from
AllClear ID. The attached Reference Guide provides information on the AllClear ID services
                                                                                                      0103000000




available to you, recommendations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on the protection of
personal information, and other information that may apply based on your state of residence.
Again, we deeply regret any inconvenience this incident may cause, but we hope this information
is useful to you. If you have further questions regarding this incident, please call 1-877-263-7997
Monday - Saturday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. CST. If calling outside of the United States or Canada, dial
512-579-2449.

Sincerely,



Scott Purvis
Vice President, Human Resources
                                           Reference Guide

We encourage you to take the following steps:

Order Your Free Credit Report. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com,
call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.consumer.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit
Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three consumer reporting
agencies provide free annual credit reports only through the website, toll-free number or request form.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in
the “inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies
bill under names other than their store or commercial names. The consumer reporting agency will be able
to tell you when that is the case. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your
information (such as home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not
understand, call the consumer reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this
information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the consumer reporting
agencies of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the
information can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges
you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate consumer reporting agency by telephone and in
writing. Consumer reporting agency staff will review your report with you. If the information can’t be
explained, then you will need to call the creditors involved. Information that can’t be explained also
should be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office because it may signal criminal activity.

Utilize AllClear ID’s Identity Protection Services. As an added precaution, we have arranged to have
AllClear ID provide you with identity protection services for 12 months at no cost to you. The identity
protection services listed below start on the date of this notice and you can use them any time during the
next 12 months.

AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your
identity. This protection is automatically available to you with no enrollment required. If a problem
arises, simply call AllClear ID at 1-877-263-7997 or 512-579-2449 if calling outside of the United States
or Canada, and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit
and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition.

AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1
million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide certain
information to AllClear ID and use the following redemption code: 9999999999. You may sign up online
at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone by calling AllClear ID using the redemption code. Please note that            *0203000000*
additional steps may be required by you to activate your phone alerts and monitoring options.

Report Incidents. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in a financial account, promptly notify
your payment card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud,
promptly report the incident to law enforcement, the FTC and your state Attorney General. If you
                                                                                                             0203000000




believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends that you take these additional steps:

   ·   Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened
       fraudulently. Use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when you
       dispute new unauthorized accounts.
   ·   File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors and
       any others that may require proof of the identity theft crime.
You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity
theft:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/

Consider Placing a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible identity theft,
consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of
an identity thief opening new credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of
someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity
theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a
fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one of the toll-free numbers provided below. You will
reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three
consumer reporting agencies.

Equifax        Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc. 1-800-525-6285            www.equifax.com
               P.O. Box 740241
               Atlanta, GA 30374
Experian       Experian Inc.                                1-888-397-3742         www.experian.com
               P.O. Box 9554
               Allen, TX 75013
TransUnion TransUnion LLC                                   1-800-680-7289         www.transunion.com
           P.O. Box 2000
           Chester, PA 19022-2000

Consider Placing a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a “security freeze”
(also known as a “credit freeze”) on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential
creditors from accessing your credit file at the consumer reporting agencies without your consent. There
may be fees for placing, lifting, and/or removing a security freeze, which generally range from $5-$20 per
action. Unlike a fraud alert, you must place a security freeze on your credit file at each consumer
reporting agency individually. For more information on security freezes, you may contact the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies or the FTC as described above. Since the instructions for
establishing a security freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three nationwide consumer
reporting agencies to find out more information.

The consumer reporting agencies may require proper identification prior to honoring your request. For
example, you may be asked to provide:

   ·   Your full name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, III)
   ·   Your Social Security number
   ·   Your date of birth
   ·   Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill or account statement)
   ·   Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
   ·   A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver’s license or
       military ID card)
For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney
General about steps you can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney
General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For Massachusetts Residents. You have the right to obtain a police report. The consumer reporting
agencies may charge you a fee of up to $5 to place a security freeze on your account, and may require
that you provide certain personal information (such as your name, Social Security number, date of birth,
and address) and proper identification (such as a copy of a government-issued ID card and a bill or
statement) prior to honoring your request. There is no charge, however, to place, lift or remove a
security freeze if you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the consumer reporting
agencies with a valid police report.

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney
General’s Office about preventing identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General
at:

North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov




                                                                                                                 *0303000000*
                                                                                                           0303000000
