Volkswagen	of	Oakland																																																											                    

                                                                                               	
                                                                                                 2740	Broadway	
	 	                                                                                    Oakland,	California	94612	
August	20,	2015	                                                                            Tel.	(510)	834‐7711	
	                                                                                                               	
	
	
	

	
RE:	Important	Message	Regarding	Your	Personal	Information	

	
	
I	 am	 writing	 to	 inform	 you	 of	 an	 unfortunate	 situation	 that	 has	 occurred	 which	 affects	 us	 all.	 We	
value	your	business	and	respect	the	privacy	of	your	information,	which	is	why	we	are	writing	to	let	
you	know	about	a	data	security	breach	that	may	involve	your	personal	information.		
	
On	July	27,	2015,	the	dealership	property	was	broken	into	and	vandalized.	The	vandalism	involved	
the	theft	of	a	vehicle	and	boxes	of	archived	files	from	the	secured	storage	room	located	on	the	third	
floor.	We	believe	that	some	of	the	stolen	boxes	held	sold	vehicles	jackets.	Each	sold	vehicle	jacket	
typically	contains	copies	of	the	forms	signed	by	the	vehicle	purchaser	including	the	name,	address,	
phone	 number,	 driver’s	 license	 information,	 bank	 account	 information,	 car	 insurance	 information	
and	information	on	the	vehicle	purchased.	In	some	cases	where	financing	is	provided	in	connection	
with	 the	 purchase	 of	 a	 vehicle,	 the	 deal	 jacket	 will	 also	 contain	 a	 copy	 of	 the	 consumer’s	 credit	
application,	credit	report,	pay	stubs,	job	information	and	references.	To	the	best	of	our	knowledge,	
the	data	accessed	and	embezzled	does	include	private	personal	information	which	can	be	used	in	
identity	theft	and	other	criminal	activities.	

VW	 of	 Oakland	 values	 your	 privacy	 and	 deeply	 regrets	 that	 this	 incident	 occurred.	 We	 began	
investigating	this	incident	as	soon	as	we	became	aware	of	it	and	reported	it	to	the	Oakland	Police	
Department.	 The	 dealership	 is	 conducting	 a	 thorough	 review	 of	 the	 potentially	 affected	 records,	
and	 will	 notify	 you	 of	 any	 additional	 information.	 In	 addition,	 the	 dealership	 has	 implemented	
additional	 security	 measures	 designed	 to	 prevent	 a	 recurrence	 of	 such	 a	 breach	 to	 protect	 the	
privacy	of	its	valued	customers.		
As	 a	 precautionary	 measure,	 we	 are	 notifying	 you	 so	 that	 you	 may	 take	 steps	 to	 protect	 yourself	
against	 the	 possible	 misuse	 of	 your	 information.	 Remember	 to	 always	 carefully	 review	 your	
financial	 statements	 each	 month	 to	 identify	 any	 unauthorized	 transactions.	 Remain	 vigilant	 over	
the	next	12	to	24	months	and	promptly	report	incidents	of	suspected	identity	theft	or	unauthorized	
activity	to	the	appropriate	law	enforcement	agency.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
To	help	protect	your	identity,	the	dealership	is	offering	a	complimentary	one	(1)	year	membership	
of	the	“ID	Watchdog	Platinum”	services.	This	product	helps	detect	possible	misuse	of	your	personal	
information	 and	provides	you	with	superior	identity	protection	that	will	 help	detect,	 protect,	and	
resolve	potential	identity	theft.		
	
This	is	how	to	activate	your	ID	Watchdog	Platinum	membership:	
	
        1. Go	to	the	ID	Watchdog	URL	at:		https://portal.idwatchdog.com/welcome	
	
        2. Once	the	landing	page	loads,	enter	your	activation	code	and	click	“Next	Step”.		
       	
	
               Your	Personal	Activation	Code:	
               Expiration	date:	October	20,	2015	
	
	              	
	
        3. After	you	enter	the	activation	code,	you	will	be	redirected	to	another	page	and	will	be	asked	
               to	enter	your	personal	information.	
               	
        4. After	 completing	 your	 personal	 information,	 you	 will	 be	 prompted	 to	 set	 up	 a	 user	 name,	
               password	and	security	questions,	for	your	online	account.	
	
        5. Once	you	complete	the	setup	of	your	online	account,	you	will	be	asked	to	answer	identity	
               verification	 questions	 (3	 to	 5	 questions).	 (This	 is	 to	 verify	 that	 no	 one	 is	 trying	 to	 access	
               your	personal	information	or	register	your	account	fraudulently).	
	
        6. Once	the	verification	questions	are	answered	correctly,	you	will	be	automatically	logged	in	
               to	 your	 online	 account.	 If	 you	 incorrectly	 answer	 the	 questions,	 you	 will	 need	 to	 call	 ID	
               Watchdog	at	(866)	513.1518	to	complete	that	part	of	your	registration.	
	
	
We	 sincerely	 regret	 the	 inconvenience	 this	 incident	 has	 caused	 you.	 Should	 you	 have	 any	 further	
questions	about	this	matter,	please	feel	free	to	contact:	
	
Felinda	Ho,	Operation	Manager:	                                       Phone	(510‐834‐7711)	Ext.	1254		
                                                            									 Email:	felinda@oaklandvw.com,			or	
                                                            	
Samir	Rohayem,	General	Manager:		 Phone	(510‐834‐7711)	Ext.	1253		
																																																																				 Email:	samir@oaklandvw.com	
			            	              	
	
	
Felinda Ho
	
Felinda	Ho	
Operation	Manager	
Volkswagen	of	Oakland	
	
                                                  	
                                                  	
                                                  	
                                                  	
                                      ADDITIONAL	INFORMATION	
                                                  	
Review	Your	Account	Statements	and	Notify	Law	Enforcement	of	Suspicious	Activity	
We	recommend	that	you	contact	your	credit	or	debit	cards	issuer	to	determine	whether	new	cards	
should	be	issued	and	whether	additional	levels	of	security	or	protective	measures	should	be	placed	
on	the	account.	We	also	recommend	that	you	remain	vigilant	by	reviewing	your	account	statements	
and	 credit	 reports	 closely,	 and	 that	 you	 should	 not	 provide	 personal	 information	 in	 response	 to	
suspicious	 emails,	 especially	 including	 those	 from	 an	 unknown	 source/sender.	 If	 you	 detect	 any	
suspicious	activity	on	an	account,	you	should	promptly	notify	the	financial	institution	or	company	
with	whom	the	account	is	maintained.	You	should	also	promptly	report	any	fraudulent	activity	or	
any	suspected	incidence	of	identity	theft	to	proper	law	enforcement	authorities,	your	state	attorney	
general,	 and/or	 the	 Federal	 Trade	 Commission.	 In	 Massachusetts,	 you	 have	 the	 right	 to	 obtain	 a	
police	report	if	you	are	a	victim	of	identity	theft.	
Copy	of	Credit	Report	
You	 may	 obtain	 a	 free	 copy	 of	 your	 credit	 report	 from	 each	 of	 the	 three	 major	 credit	 reporting	
agencies	 once	 every	 12	 months	 by	 visiting	 http://www.annualcreditreport.com,	 calling	 toll‐free	
877‐322‐8228,	 or	 by	 completing	 an	 Annual	 Credit	 Report	 Request	 Form	 and	 mailing	 it	 to	 Annual	
Credit	Report	Request	Service,	P.O.	Box	105281,	Atlanta,	GA	30348.	The	FTC	advises	that	you	do	not	
contact	 the	 three	 nationwide	 credit	 reporting	 companies	 individually,	 because	 they	 are	 providing	
free	annual	credit	reports	only	through	www.annualcreditreport.com,	1‐877‐322‐	8228	or	mailing	
to	 Annual	 Credit	 Report	 Request	 Service.	 Upon	 receipt	 of	 your	 credit	 report,	 we	 recommend	 that	
you	review	the	“inquiries,”	section	for	names	of	any	creditors	from	whom	you	have	not	requested	
credit,	 and	 the	 “personal	 information,”	 section	 for	 any	 inaccuracies.	 Any	 unusual	 activity	 or	
information	could	be	a	sign	of	potential	identify	theft.	If	you	observe	such	information,	contact	the	
credit	bureau	listed	at	the	top	of	the	report.	Your	credit	report	will	be	reviewed	by	the	bureau	staff	
with	 you,	 and	 if	 any	 information	 cannot	 be	 explained,	 you	 may	 need	 to	 contact	 the	 creditors	
involved.	
	
Contact	information	for	the	three	national	credit	reporting	agencies	is	below:	
	
Equifax		                            TransUnion                            Experian	
P.O.	Box	740241	                     P.O.	Box	2000	                        P.O.	Box	2104	
Atlanta,	Georgia	30374	              Chester,	PA	19022	                    Allen,	TX	75013	
1‐800‐685‐1111	(general)	            1‐800‐888‐4213	(general)	             1‐888‐397‐3742	
1‐888‐766‐0008	(fraud	alert)	        1‐800‐680‐7289	(identity	             www.experian.com	
1‐800‐685‐1111	(security	            theft)		                              	
freeze)	                             www.transunion.com	                   	
www.equifax.com	
	
	
Fraud	Alert	
You	may	also	want	to	consider	placing	a	fraud	alert	on	your	credit	report.	An	initial	fraud	alert	is	
free	 and	 will	 stay	 on	 your	 credit	 file	 for	 at	 least	 90	 days.	 The	 alert	 informs	 creditors	 of	 possible	
fraudulent	 activity	 within	 your	 report	 and	 requests	 that	 the	 creditor	 contact	 you	 prior	 to	
establishing	any	accounts	in	your	name.	To	place	a	fraud	alert	on	your	credit	report,	contact	any	of	
the	three	credit	reporting	agencies	identified	above.	
Security	Freeze	
In	 some	 U.S.	 states,	 you	 have	 the	 right	 to	 put	 a	 security	 free	 on	 your	 credit	 file.	 This	 will	 prevent	
new	credit	from	being	opened	in	your	name	without	the	use	of	a	PIN	number	that	is	issued	to	you	
when	 you	 initiate	 the	 freeze.	 A	 security	 freeze	 is	 designed	 to	 prevent	 potential	 creditors	 from	
accessing	your	credit	report	without	your	consent.	As	a	result,	using	a	security	freeze	may	interfere	
with	 or	 delay	 your	 ability	 to	 obtain	 credit.	 You	 must	 separately	 place	 a	 security	 freeze	 on	 your	
credit	 file	 with	 each	 credit	 reporting	 agency.	 Additionally,	 if	 you	 request	 a	 security	 freeze	 from	 a	
consumer	 reporting	 agency	 there	 may	 be	 a	 fee	 of	 up	 to	 $5	 to	 place,	 lift,	 or	 remove	 the	 security	
freeze.	In	order	to	place	a	security	freeze,	you	may	be	required	to	provide	the	consumer	reporting	
agency	with	information	that	identifies	you	including	your	full	name,	Social	Security	number,	date	
of	birth,	current	and	previous	addresses,	a	copy	of	your	state	issued	identification	card,	and	a	recent	
utility	bill,	bank	statement	or	insurance	statement.	
	
Additional	Free	Resources	on	Identity	Theft	
Finally,	 you	 may	 wish	 to	 review	 the	 tips	 provided	 by	 the	 Federal	 Trade	 Commission	 on	 how	 to	
avoid	identity	theft.	For	more	information,	please	visit	http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft		or	call	1‐877‐ID‐
THEFT	 (877‐438‐4338).	 A	 copy	 of	 Taking	 Charge	 What	 to	 Do	 If	 Your	 Identity	 Is	 Stolen,	 a	
comprehensive	 guide	 from	 the	 FTC	 to	 help	 you	 guard	 against	 and	 deal	 with	 identity	 theft,	 can	 be	
found	on	the	FTC’s	website	at:	
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.		
And	on	the	California	Attorney	General	website	at:	
http://oag.ca.gov/idtheft/facts/victim‐checklist.	
U.S.	State	Notification	Requirements	
For	residents	of	California:			Notification	of	the	security	breach	was	not	delayed	as	a	result	of	law	
enforcement	litigation. 	
