	              	
	              Magnolia	Health	Corporation	
	              999	North	M	Street,	Tulare,	CA		93274	
	              (559)	688-0288		Fax	(559)	688-0289	
	              www.magnoliahealthcorporation.com	
	
                                                  	
                                          February	12,	2016	
	
«First»	«Last»	
«Address_1»	
«City»,	«ST»		«Zip»	
	
	
	
	
                                  NOTICE	OF	DATA	BREACH	
           	
Dear	«First»,		
	
           We	 regret	 to	 inform	 you	 of	 an	 incident	 that	 has	 occurred	 involving	 your	 personal	
information.		
	
WHAT	HAPPENED	
	
           On	 February	 3,	 2016	 an	 unidentified	 third	 person	 impersonated	 our	 CEO,	 Kenny	
Moyle,	 and	 using	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 his	 email	 address,	 obtained	 certain	 personal	
information	for	all	active	employees	of	Magnolia	Health	Corporation	(MHC)	and	each	of	the	
facilities	managed	by	MHC	[Twin	Oaks	Assisted	Living,	Inc.,	Twin	Oaks	Rehabilitation	And	
Nursing	Center,	Inc.,	Porterville	Convalescent,	Inc.,	Kaweah	Manor,	Inc.	and	Merritt	Manor,	
Inc.].	 	 It	 was	 not	 until	 February	 10,	 2016	 that	 we	 realized	 that	 this	 information	 had	 not	
been	requested	by	anyone	at	MHC	and	that	it	had	been	disclosed	to	an	unauthorized	third	
person	whose	identity	is	presently	unknown.			
	
WHAT	INFORMATION	WAS	INVOLVED	
	
	          The	 personal	 information	 disclosed	 was	 in	 the	 form	 of	 an	 Excel	 spreadsheet	 that	
contained	the	following	identifying	information	for	each	person:	Employee	Number,	Name,	
Address,	 City,	 State,	 Zip,	 Sex,	 Date	 of	 Birth,	 Social	 Security	 Number,	 Hire	 Date,	 Seniority	
Date,	 Salary/Hourly,	 Salary/Rate,	 Department,	 Job	 Title,	 Last	 Date	 Paid,	 and	 [name	 of	
applicable]	Facility.	
	
WHAT	WE	ARE	DOING	
	
           We	have	reported	this	matter	to	law	enforcement	(investigation	by	law	enforcement	
has	not	delayed	notification	to	you)	and	we	are	taking	steps	to	ensure	that	no	unauthorized	
disclosures	 will	 occur	 in	 the	 future.	 	 We	 are	 actively	 working	 with	 the	 Tulare	 County	
District	Attorney’s	office	to	learn	the	identity	of	the	individual(s)	responsible	so	that	they	


                                                                                                «Facility»	
Letter	to	All	Employees	
Page	2,	
February	12,	2016	
	
	
	
can	be	prosecuted	to	the	fullest	extent	of	the	law.		We	have	also	provided	a	sample	copy	of	
this	letter	[without	any	of	your	identifying	information]	to	the	California	Attorney	General’s	
office.		
          	
          We	 are	 offering	 to	 provide,	 at	 no	 cost	 to	 you,	 identity	 theft	 prevention	 and	
mitigation	services,	with	a	one-year	membership	in	Experian’s®	ProtectMyID®		Elite.		This	
product	helps	detect	possible	misuse	of	your	personal	information	and	provides	you	with	
identity	protection	support	focused	on	immediate	identification	and	resolution	of	identity	
theft.		The	information	necessary	to	take	advantage	of	this	offer	is	set	forth	on	page	4	of	this	
letter.		
	
WHAT	YOU	CAN	DO	
	
          Because	your	Social	Security	number	was	involved,	we	recommend	that	you	place	a	
fraud	 alert	 on	 your	 credit	 files.	 A	 fraud	 alert	 requires	 potential	 creditors	 to	 use	 what	 the	
law	refers	to	as	“reasonable	policies	and	procedures”	to	verify	your	identity	before	issuing	
credit	 in	 your	 name.	 A	 fraud	 alert	 lasts	 for	 90	 days.	 Just	 call	 one	 of	 the	 three	 credit	
reporting	agencies	at	one	of	the	numbers	listed	below.		This	will	let	you	automatically	place	
an	alert	with	all	three	agencies.	You	will	receive	letters	from	all	three,	confirming	the	fraud	
alert	and	letting	you	know	how	to	get	a	free	copy	of	your	credit	report	from	each.	
		
Experian:	Call	Toll	Free:	1-888-397-3742	[address:	P.O.	Box	9554	Allen,	TX	75013]	
Equifax:	Call	Toll	Free:	1-800-525-6285	[address:	P.O.	Box	740256	Atlanta,	GA	30374]	
TransUnion:	Call	Toll	Free:	1-800-680-7289	[address:	P.O.	Box	2000	Chester,	PA	19016]	
	
          When	you	receive	your	credit	reports,	look	them	over	carefully.	Look	for	accounts	
you	did	not	open.	Look	for	inquiries	from	creditors	that	you	did	not	initiate.	And	look	for	
personal	 information	 that	 is	 not	 accurate,	 such	 as	 your	 home	 address	 and	 social	 security	
number.	If	you	see	anything	you	do	not	understand,	immediately	call	the	credit-reporting	
agency	at	the	telephone	number	on	the	report.	
	
          If	 you	 do	 find	 suspicious	 activity	 on	 your	 credit	 reports,	 call	 your	 local	 police	 or	
sheriff’s	office	and	file	a	police	report	of	identity	theft.	Get	a	copy	of	the	police	report.	You	
may	need	to	give	copies	of	the	police	report	to	creditors	to	clear	up	your	records.		
	
          Even	if	you	do	not	find	any	signs	of	fraud	on	your	reports,	we	recommend	that	you	
check	your	credit	reports	periodically.	You	can	keep	the	fraud	alert	in	place	by	calling	again	
after	90	days.	For	more	information	on	identity	theft,	we	suggest	that	you	visit	the	web	site	
of	the	California	Office	of	Privacy	Protection	at	www.privacy.ca.gov.		
	
	
	
Letter	to	All	Employees	
Page	3,	
February	12,	2016	
	
	
	
OTHER	IMPORTANT	INFORMATION	
	
        This	 notice	 is	 dated	 February	 12,	 2016	 and	 provided	 by	 Magnolia	 Health	
Corporation,	999	North	M	Street,	Tulare,	CA	93274,	Telephone:	(559)	688-0288,	Fax:	(559)	
688-0237,	Contact	Person:	James	Higbee,	Telephone	(559)	688-0288.	
	
FOR	MORE	INFORMATION	
	
	       Please	 see	 page	 5	 of	 this	 letter	 for	 additional	 information	 regarding	 identity	 theft	
prevention.	
	
        We	 sincerely	 apologize	 for	 this	 incident	 and	 regret	 any	 inconvenience	 this	 may	
cause	you.		If	there	is	anything	that	we	can	do	to	assist	you,	please	feel	free	to	contact	us	at	
the	telephone	number	listed	above.	
	
	
	
Yours	truly,	
	
	
	
	
	
Kensett	J.	Moyle,	CEO	
	
	
	
	
	                               	
Letter	to	All	Employees	
Page	4,	
February	12,	2016	
	
	
	
                                ACTIVATE	PROTECTMYID	NOW	IN	THREE	EASY	STEPS	
                                                             	
1. ENSURE	That	You	Enroll	By	May	31,	2016	(Your	code	will	not	work	after	this	date.)	
2. VISIT	the	ProtectMyID	Web	Site	to	enroll:	www.protectmyid.com/protect	
3. PROVIDE	Your	Activation	Code:	«Activation_Code»	
       	
If	you	have	questions	or	need	an	alternative	to	online	enrollment,	please	call	866-751-1324	
and	provide	engagement	#:	PC99285	
       	
   ADDITIONAL	DETAILS	REGARDING	YOUR	12-MONTH	PROTECTMYID	MEMBERSHIP	
	                                            	
This	is	a	complimentary	service	provided	by	Magnolia	Health	Corporation.		A	credit	card	is	
not	 required	 for	 enrollment.	 	 Once	 your	 ProtectMyID	 membership	 is	 activated,	 you	 will	
receive	the	following	features:	
	
       ! Free	copy	of	your	Experian	credit	report	
       ! Surveillance	Alerts	for:	
                    o Daily	Bureau	Credit	Monitoring:	Alerts	of	key	changes	&	suspicious	activity	
                           found	on	your	Experian	credit	report.	
                    o Internet	 Scan:	 Alerts	if	your	personal	information	is	located	on	sites	where	
                           compromised	data	is	found,	traded	or	sold.	
                    o Change	of	Address:	Alerts	of	any	changes	in	your	mailing	address.			
       ! Identity	 Theft	 Resolution	 &	 ProtectMyID	 ExtendCARE:	 Toll-free	 access	 to	 US-
              based	customer	care	and	a	dedicated	Identity	Theft	Resolution	agent	who	will	walk	
              you	through	the	process	of	fraud	resolution	from	start	to	finish	for	seamless	service.		
              They	will	investigate	each	incident;	help	with	contacting	credit	grantors	to	dispute	
              charges	 and	 close	 accounts	 including	 credit,	 debit	 and	 medical	 insurance	 cards;	
              assist	with	freezing	credit	files;	contact	government	agencies.			
                    o It	is	recognized	that	identity	theft	can	happen	months	and	even	years	after	a	
                           data	 breach.	 To	 offer	 added	 protection,	 you	 will	 receive	 ExtendCARETM,	
                           which	 provides	 you	 with	 the	 same	 high-level	 of	 Fraud	 Resolution	 support	
                           even	after	your	ProtectMyID	membership	has	expired.	
       ! $1	 Million	 Identity	 Theft	 Insurance1	Immediately	covers	certain	costs	including,	
              lost	wages,	private	investigator	fees,	and	unauthorized	electronic	fund	transfers.	
       ! Lost	 Wallet	 Protection:	 	 If	you	misplace	or	have	your	wallet	stolen,	an	agent	will	
              help	you	cancel	your	credit,	debit,	and	medical	insurance	cards.	
              	
																																																								
1 	Identity	
          theft	 insurance	 is	 underwritten	 by	 insurance	 company	 subsidiaries	 or	 affiliates	 of	 AIG.	 The	
description	herein	is	a	summary	and	intended	for	informational	purposes	only	and	does	not	include	all	terms,	
conditions	 and	 exclusions	 of	 the	 policies	 described.	 Please	 refer	 to	 the	 actual	 policies	 for	 terms,	 conditions,	
and	exclusions	of	coverage.		Coverage	may	not	be	available	in	all	jurisdictions.	
	
Letter	to	All	Employees	
Page	5,	
February	12,	2016	
	
	
	
Once	your	enrollment	in	ProtectMyID	is	complete,	you	should	carefully	review	your	credit	
report	 for	 inaccurate	 or	 suspicious	 items.	 	 If	 you	 have	 any	 questions	 about	 ProtectMyID,	
need	help	understanding	something	on	your	credit	report	or	suspect	that	an	item	on	your	
credit	report	may	be	fraudulent,	please	contact	Experian’s	customer	care	team	at	866-751-
1324.		
	
	
                 ADDITIONAL	ACTIONS	TO	HELP	REDUCE	YOUR	CHANCES	
                    OF	IDENTITY	THEFT	RECOMMENDED	BY	EXPERIAN	
                                                     	
	
   " PLACE	A	90-DAY	FRAUD	ALERT	ON	YOUR	CREDIT	FILE	
   An	 initial	 90-day	 security	 alert	 indicates	 to	 anyone	 requesting	 your	 credit	 file	 that	
   you	 suspect	 you	 are	 a	 victim	 of	 fraud.	 When	 you	 or	 someone	 else	 attempts	 to	 open	 a	
   credit	account	in	your	name,	increase	the	credit	limit	on	an	existing	account,	or	obtain	a	
   new	card	on	an	existing	account,	the	lender	should	takes	steps	to	verify	that	you	have	
   authorized	 the	 request.	 If	 the	 creditor	 cannot	 verify	 this,	 the	 request	 should	 not	 be	
   satisfied.		You	may	contact	one	of	the	credit	reporting	companies	below	for	assistance.	
   	
                Equifax	                         Experian	                       TransUnion	
           1-800-525-6285	                   1-888-397-3742	                   1-800-680-7289	
          www.equifax.com	                  www.experian.com		              www.transunion.com	
     	
   " PLACE	A	SECURITY	FREEZE	ON	YOUR	CREDIT	FILE	
   If	you	are	very	concerned	about	becoming	a	victim	of	fraud	or	identity	theft,	a	security	
   freeze	 might	 be	 right	 for	 you.	 	 Placing	 a	 freeze	 on	 your	 credit	 report	 will	 prevent	
   lenders	and	others	from	accessing	your	credit	report	entirely,	which	will	prevent	them	
   from	 extending	 credit.	 With	 a	 Security	 Freeze	 in	 place,	 you	 will	 be	 required	 to	 take	
   special	 steps	 when	 you	 wish	 to	 apply	 for	 any	 type	 of	 credit.	 	 This	 process	 is	 also	
   completed	through	each	of	the	credit	reporting	companies.	
   	
   " ORDER	YOUR	FREE	ANNUAL	CREDIT	REPORTS	
   Visit	www.annualcreditreport.com	or	call	877-322-8228.	
   Once	 you	 receive	 your	 credit	 reports,	 review	 them	 for	 discrepancies.	 Identify	 any	
   accounts	you	did	not	open	or	inquiries	from	creditors	that	you	did	not	authorize.		Verify	
   all	information	is	correct.		If	you	have	questions	or	notice	incorrect	information,	contact	
   the	credit	reporting	company.	
	
   " MANAGE	YOUR	PERSONAL	INFORMATION	
   Take	steps	such	as:	carrying	only	essential	documents	with	you;	being	aware	of	whom	
   you	are	sharing	your	personal	information	with	and	shredding	receipts,	statements,	and	
   other	sensitive	information.	
Letter	to	All	Employees	
Page	6,	
February	12,	2016	
	
	
	
   	
   " USE	TOOLS	FROM	CREDIT	PROVIDERS	
   Carefully	 review	 your	 credit	 reports	 and	 bank,	 credit	 card	 and	 other	 account	
   statements.	Be	proactive	and	create	alerts	on	credit	cards	and	bank	accounts	to	notify	
   you	 of	 activity.	 	 	 If	 you	 discover	 unauthorized	 or	 suspicious	 activity	 on	 your	 credit	
   report	 or	 by	 any	 other	 means,	 file	 an	 identity	 theft	 report	 with	 your	 local	 police	 and	
   contact	a	credit	reporting	company.	
	
   " OBTAIN	MORE	INFORMATION	ABOUT	IDENTITY	THEFT	AND	WAYS	TO	PROTECT	
        YOURSELF	
        • Visit	 http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html	
           for	general	information	regarding	protecting	your	identity.	
        • The	Federal	Trade	Commission	has	an	identity	theft	hotline:	877-438-4338;	TTY:	
           1-866-653-4261.		They	also	provide	information	on-line	at	www.ftc.gov/idtheft.		
   	
	
	
	
