Dear ,

We are sorry to inform you that we have been the victim of a cyber-attack on our website. Given
the nature of the attack, we have to assume it has resulted in the loss of your personal data.

As soon as we became aware of the attack on 28th July, we commissioned a forensic team to
locate the malware, identify the compromised data and prevent any further loss.

In accordance with our regulatory obligations and our duty of care for our customers, we are
contacting all customers who ordered from mioskincare.com from 29th April to 28th July 2015 to
ensure we protect every Mio customer. This is the first time we believe our website has been
subject to such an attack and want to assure you we are doing everything possible and are
being advised by highly experienced specialists. We have already informed all relevant credit
card companies and they may have been in contact with you.

The personal data that we believe has been compromised is:

• The first name and surname of the customer
• The email of the customer
• The billing address and telephone number of the customer and, if different, a shipping
  address
• The card number, expiry date and 3-digit security code of the credit or debit card used to pay
  for the product.

We are contacting you now because we believe you are one of our valued Mio customers that
have been affected. Consequently, the personal data including the credit or debit card that you
used may have been the subject of fraudulent activity. As I have said above, to mitigate the risk
we have notified the acquiring bank who will be contacting all the relevant credit and debit card
issuers who may, in turn, contact you themselves. All cards affected will be cancelled.

In the meantime, we recommend that you also take steps to prevent any fraudulent activity by
cancelling the card yourself that you used to pay for products via our website and requesting a
replacement from the card issuer. You may also want to consider registering for credit and
identity protection provided by Equifax, TransUnion or Experian (details for how you can contact
these protection agencies can be found at the bottom of this letter). They offer a free service for
30 days. Please be assured that we have not and do not pass your information on to any third
party.

We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. Many companies may not choose to
contact you direct in this way but we always believe in meeting our obligations and that honesty
and transparency is the best policy and you have a right to know exactly what happened.

We have notified the Information Commissioner's Office of the breach as well as Action Fraud
(The National Fraud and Cyber Crime Reporting Centre) in the UK along with your State
Regulator and have taken considerable steps to ensure that our website is a safe environment
for customers to continue shopping online in the future.
If you have any questions at all or would like more information on we have done to ensure that it
cannot happen again, we would be happy to answer your queries. Your trust is really important
to us.

Just call us between 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. PST on 1-888-962-6264 or send us an email at
privacy@mioskincare.com.

Yours sincerely,




Sian Sutherland
Founding Partner – Chief
Mio and Mama Mio




Contact details for credit and identity protection agencies:

Experian P.O. Box 740241 Atlanta, GA 30374 800-685-1111

TransUnion P.O. Box 1000 Chester, PA 19022 800-888-4213

Equifax P.O. Box 2002 Allen, TX 75013 1-888-397-3742




         1041 W. 18th Street, Suite A205, Costa Mesa, CA 92627
