March 23, 2012


[ADDRESS]


Dear Manhattan Prep Customer:


We are writing to inform you of a security breach involving Manhattan Prep's computer system and database. This
database included credit card information that you had on file with us.


With the help of data security experts, we are currently conducting a thorough investigation of the breach, which
occurred and was identified on Sunday, March 25. We are also working with law enforcement as part of this
investigation. At this time, we have determined that an unauthorized third party (a "hacker") temporarily penetrated
our system and, during the incursion, had access to the following personal information in your account: name, mailing
address, email address, birth date, username, password, phone number, and credit card details for the following
card(s) in your account:


[CARD TYPE]


As a precautionary measure, we have alerted your credit card company that your account information was
temporarily exposed, and we have asked that charges on your account be closely monitored. Your credit card
company can provide additional information about precautions put into place to protect your account from
unauthorized activity.


As a further precaution, we have permanently removed from our database all credit card information previously
associated with your account, and we have also reset your account password on our site. If you are a current student
or customer who needs to log into your account, please find instructions and a link below for setting a new password.


If you use the same password on other accounts, we strongly recommend that you modify that password.


We also recommend taking the following immediate steps to identify any potentially fraudulent activity on your card:


         Review your credit card statements.
         Contact your credit card or debit card issuer immediately if you notice any unauthorized activity or
         transactions.
You have the option of contacting one of the major credit bureaus listed below to place a fraud alert on your credit
reports:


            Equifax Fraud Division (PO Box 740250, Atlanta, GA 30374)
            www.equifax.com or 1-800-525-6285
            Experian Fraud Division (PO Box 1017, Allen, TX 75013)
            www.experian.com or 1-888-397-3742
            TransUnionCorp Fraud Division (PO Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92634)
            www.transunion.com or 1-800-680-7289




While we have received no indication of identity theft, the Federal Trade Commission provides helpful information
about how to avoid identity theft. Please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338).


Please note that as we resolve this security issue, Manhattan Prep will NOT request any personal information from
you via email. Please do not respond to any such e-mail requests. If you receive a suspicious request or e-mail
purporting to be from Manhattan Prep, please contact us at the email address or phone number below to confirm that
the communication was in fact sent from Manhattan Prep.


In addition to the actions taken to mitigate the risk associated with the March 25th incident, we have taken measures
to protect against future attacks of this nature. These measures include (1) reviewing all data security procedures and
practices regarding customers' personal information, and (2) modifying our technical infrastructure to increase
security.


Your data security is a top priority for us. As part of our continued effort to get you the information and assistance you
need, we encourage you to call us or email us directly at:


Phone: 1-800-576-4628 or 212-721-7400
Email: studentservices@manhattangmat.com
Address: 138 West 25th Street, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10001


We regret this incident very much. There is nothing more important to Manhattan Prep than the relationships we've
built with our students and customers over the years. While this incident pains us, it also strengthens our commitment
to those we've served and continue to serve. Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have questions or need
assistance.


Sincerely,




Dan Gonzalez
President
Manhattan Prep




Instructions for resetting your password:


As a precautionary measure, we have reset the password associated with your student account. Follow the below
instructions to access your account on our website and update your password:


    1.   Log into https://www.manhattangmat.com/profile.cfm using the following temporary password:
         [Password]
    2.   Enter a new password of your choosing; for security purposes, we recommend you do NOT use a password
         previously associated with your student account.
    3.   Click 'Save' to update the information.
