August 3, 2012

                                                                          PROMOTION CODE: XXXXXXXXXXXXX


<NAME>
<ADDRESS>
<CITY, STATE ZIP CODE>


Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries (“MassMutual”) understand the
importance of protecting the privacy and security of information about our customers, and take seriously
our obligations to protect this information. This letter is to inform you that on July 13, 2012 MassMutual
inadvertently sent via secure email a report containing your personal information to the Plan Sponsor of
another retirement plan administered by MassMutual. We have conducted an investigation into the
incident to determine the extent and its impact on our customers and have determined that the information
involved in this incident included your name, Social Security number, and your 401(k) balance
information.

The individual at the plan who received the information immediately notified MassMutual of the error
and represented to MassMutual in writing that he immediately deleted the information and did not copy,
retain, download or otherwise disclose the information. Based on these circumstances, we have no reason
to believe that your information has been or will be subject to misuse or to further disclosure. However,
when we are informed of such situations, we investigate the matter and take appropriate corrective action.
Therefore, we would like to bring to your attention various steps you may want to consider taking to
protect yourself against the possibility of identity theft.

You may request a credit report at any time by calling any one of the three credit reporting agencies:

          Equifax                                   Experian                       TransUnion
          P.O. Box 740241                           P.O. Box 2104                 P.O. Box 1000
          Atlanta, GA 30374                         Allen, TX 75013-2104          Chester, PA 19022
          800-525-6285                              888-397-3742                  800-680-7289


You are entitled to one free copy of your credit report per year from each of the three credit reporting
agencies. When you receive your credit reports, you should review them carefully, looking for accounts
that you did not open and for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. You may also want to
verify the accuracy of personal information, such as home address and social security number. If you see
anything that you do not understand, you can call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on
the report.

If you find suspicious activity on your credit report, you should contact your local police or sheriff’s
office and file a police report for identity theft. In these circumstances, you may need copies of the police
report to provide to creditors to clear up your records. Even if you do not find signs of fraud on your
reports, you may want to check your credit report every three months for the next year. You should


Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) and affiliates       .              Springfield, MA 01111-0001
closely examine your credit card, debit card, and bank statements immediately after you receive them to
determine whether there are any unauthorized transactions and promptly notify any suspicious activity or
suspected identity theft to law enforcement, or your state’s Attorney General, and/or the Federal Trade
Commission.

If at any time you are concerned about identify theft, you can place a fraud alert on your credit file at no
cost to you. A fraud alert requires that creditors contact you before opening new accounts. By calling
any one of the above credit reporting agencies, you can automatically place a fraud alert with all three
reporting agencies for 90 days or seven years by providing them with certain required documentation and
order your credit report from all three.

In an effort to provide you with additional protection for your personal and credit information,
MassMutual is offering you a free two year subscription for Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1
Monitoring and Credit Report Control. A description of this product and enrollment instructions are
enclosed.

For more information on identity theft, you can contact the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov, at
1-877-438-4338, or at Consumer Response Center, F.T.C., 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington,
DC 20580. We also suggest that you visit the web site of the California Office of Privacy Protection at
www.privacy.ca.gov.

If you have questions regarding this matter, please feel free to contact the MassMutual Participant
Information Center at 1-800-743-5274.


Sincerely,




Michael McKenzie
Senior Vice President
MassMutual Retirement Services Division
Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring and Credit Report Control

Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit file and help you to
understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit reporting agencies. The key features and benefits are
listed below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring of your Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion credit reports with daily notification
   of key changes to your credit files from any of the three agencies.
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Ability to lock and unlock your Equifax credit report (available to Internet enrollees only)
o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24/7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your Equifax credit information, to
   provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and to provide assistance with regard to initiating an investigation
   of inaccurate information.

How to Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring and Credit Report Control

To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tricrc
1. Consumer Information: complete the form with your contact information (name, address and e-mail address) and click
    “Continue” button. The information is provided in a secured environment.
2. Identity Verification: complete the form with your Social Security Number, date of birth, telephone #s, create a User
    Name and Password, agree to the Terms of Use and click “Continue” button. The system will ask you up to two
    security questions to verify your identity.
3. Payment Information: During the "check out" process, enter the promotion code, provided at the top of your letter, in
    the “Enter Promotion Code” box. After entering your code press the “Apply Code” button and then the “Submit
    Order” button at the bottom of the page. (This code eliminates the need to provide a credit card number for payment.)
4. Order Confirmation: – Click “View My Product” to access your 3-in-1 Credit Report and other product features.

To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch automated enrollment
process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US Mail only.
1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as provided at the top of your letter.
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home address, name, date of birth
    and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access your credit file and to
    monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax can not process your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that you will receive your
    Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your identity) or a Customer Care letter with further
    instructions (if your identity can not be verified using the information provided). Please allow up to 10 business days
    to receive this information.

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors of possible fraudulent
activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. Once
the fraud alert is added to your credit report, all creditors should contact you prior to establishing any account in your
name. To place a fraud alert on your credit file, visit: www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or you may contact our auto fraud
line at 1-877-478-7625, and follow the simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been placed with Equifax, a notification
will be sent to the other two credit reporting agencies, Experian and Trans Union, on your behalf.

Please note that your individual promotion code to enroll in the Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 will be valid for
60 days.



Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) and affiliates   .          Springfield, MA 01111-0001
† Insurance underwritten by member companies of American International Group, Inc. The description herein is a summary only. It does not include all terms,
conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for complete details of coverage and exclusions. This product is not intended for
minors (under 18 years of age).
