                           Notice of Medical Informatics Engineering Data Incident

HIPAA Covered Entif:                                     [name of covered entity]
Number of ladividuals:                                   To be determined
Notice Date:                                             June 1,2015
Medical Informatics Engineering Contact:                 [name, Title], [telephone numbed

Medical Informatics Eugineering ("MIE") is writing to provide notice of a data security compromise
thatmay have affectedthe security ofsomeprotectedhealth information contained on our network,
relating to certain [client name] patients. We ask that you provide this correspondence to appropriate
administuative and/or managerial staff at your company to ensure this incident is brought to t}e
attention of all necessary members of your organization.

On May 26,2015, the technical team at MIE discovered suspicious activity relating to one of our
seryers. We immediately initiated our Incident Response Plan and co*-enced an investigation to
identifr and remediate any identified security vulnerability. Our team, including independent third-
party forensics experts, has been working continuously to understand the nature and scope ofthe
incident and to confimr the security of our systems. This investigation is ongoing. OnMay 26,
2015, we also reported this incident to the FBI Cyber Squad, and are cooperating with the FBI's
investigation.

While our investigation and law enforcement's investigation into this incident €ne ongoing, we
determined thatsomeprotectedhealthinformationcontainedonournetworkrelatingtoasoontobe
confrmed number of patients was exposed as a result of this incident. The affected data may
include patient name, home address, email address, date of birth, and for some patients a Social
Security number. Other protected health inforrnation affected by this incident may include lab
results, dictated reports and medical conditions. Our forensic investigation indicates the unauthorized
accessto our network occurred on May 7,2015 through May 8, 2015. The attackers regained
uaauthorized accessed to our network onMay 25,2015.

'We
    take the security of your patients' fuformation very seriously, and apologize for any concern and
i-nconvenience this may cause you or yow patients. Certain legal duties may exist as a result of this
exposwe, and we would like to assist you in satisfring these duties.

Under applicable law, you may be required to provide notice ofthis incidentto your patients, as well
as certain federal and state regulators, and/or the national consumer reporting agencies. We retained
Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith, LLP C'LBBS") to assist us in determining what legal obligations
may exist as a result of this incident.

Your company's precise notice obligations, and the time in which you may be required to satisfu
such obligations, are determined by HIPAA aad potentially various states' laws. Based on your risk
assessment, the incident may reqrdre you to report details to the U.S. Departrnent of Health and
Human Serviceg ('HHS") and to the [client name] patients whose information was contained on our
network at the time of the attack. Notification duties to affected individuals, state regulators and the
national consumer reporting agencies may also be required undertle data breach notification laws of
the states where your patients reside. This notice does not constitute legal or compliance advice.



4   8   t6-55 82-3 396.1
Should you require specific legal guidance, we encourage you to discuss the contents ofthis letter,
and ltdp's proposed actions, with independent legal counsel. If you wish to provide notice of this
incidenttoyourpatienfsdirectly,weencourageyoutoconsultlegalcounsel. LBBSwouldbehappy
to discuss this matter with your legal counsel.

We would like to provide notice of this incident, on your company's behalfl to your affected
patients, the national consumer reporting agencies, IIHS, and applicable State Attorneys Geueral.
Attached as Exttibtt A is a list of the regulators MIE will nofify regarding this incident. We are
notifuing only the regulators identified nExltibitA.If your company has reporting obligations to
other regulators, including the Califomia Department of Public Health, that notice will be have to be
submitted directly by your company. If you would like MIE to provide notice of this incident to
your affected patients, the national con$utrer reporting agencies, and the regulators identified in
Exhibit A, please confirm that we have your authority to provide these notices as soon as possible
but, because time is of the essence, no later than [DATE]. [FOR applicable clients requiring
system review: We also need our autho                       urc m a ts              ntained on our
nefwork       determine the i            of the arffected        rlnh e dtieirts :nnd th recrse
nrotecfed health information relatin f to these individu els. that hai been affected bv this
incidentl. Consent to provide these notices on your company's behalf may be sent to [Eric Jones
contact information].

We take the security of protected health information very seriously. With your authorization, in
addition to mailing notice to your affected patients, we will also provide your affected patients with
the opporhrrity to enroll in identity monitoring and protection services at no cost to them should they
feel it is appropriate to do so.

We will establish a toll-free number that individuals can call if they have any questions regarding
this incident. That nrunber will be provided in the notices to affected individuals.

We are continuing to investigate this incident, and we are working diligently to address any
identified security vulnerability associated with this incident. We are also reviewing ow security
practices to enhance the security of protected health inforrnation at MIE.

A11 questions regarding this notice and questions regarding the provision ofmailing addresses should
be directed to our privacy and data secwity counsel, James Prendergast at (215) 977-4067.

Our investigation into this incident is ongoing. We         will   update you with any substantial
developments in this matter. We remain committed to the privacy of protected health inforrnation,
and sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern that this may have caused you.



Sincereln


[signatory]
[title]



48 l6-5582-3395,   I
                  Notice of Medical Informatlcs Engineering Data Incident

HIPAA Covered Entity:                                 [namo of covered entity]
Number of Individuals Impacted:                       To be determined
Notice Date:                                          June 1, 2015
NMClMedical Informatiss Engineering Contact:          lnamg Tidel, fhlephone numborl

NoMoreClipboard (NMC") is writing to provide notice of a data security compromise that may
have affected the security of some proteoted health information relating to certain individuals
who used a NMC patient portal/personal heatth record sponsored by your organization. We ask
that you provide this correspondence to appropriate administsative and./or managerial staff at
your company to ensuro this incident is brought to the attention ofall necessary members of your
organization,

On May 26, 2015, the technical team at our parent company (Medical Informatios Engineering)
discovered suspicious activity relating to one of its servers. We immediately initiated our
Incident Response PIan and commenced an investigation to identifi and remediate any identified
seourity vulnerability, Our team, including independent third-party foronsics experts, has been
working continuously to understand the nature and scope of the incident and to confirm the
security of our systems, This investigation i8 ongoing. On May 26, 2015, we also reported this
incident to the FBI Q,ber Squad, and are cooperating with tho FBI's investigation.

While our investigation and law enforcement's investigation into this incident are ongoing, we
determined that some protected health information contained on our network, including
information relating to a soon to be confirmed number of individuals who used a NMC portal
sponsored by your organization, was exposed as a result of this incident' The affected data may
include patient name, home address, email address, date of birth and Social Security number. No
financial or credit card information was compromised, as we do not collect or store this
information, Our forensic investigation indicates the unauthorized access to our network
occuned on May 7,2015 through May 8,2015. The attackers regained unauthorized accessed to
our network on May 25,2OL5,

[Our investigation thus far indicates that Patient records from your Medical Informatics
Engineering eleitronio health resord have not been lCoppiomise(..1..-----.-..-                      &imjment    [ss{r   NMC   dtens   rlso
                                                                                                    I   IEeHR


We take the security ofyour patients' information very seriously, and apologize for any concern
and inconvenience this may cause you or your patients. Certain legal duties may exist as a result
of *ris exposure, and we would like to assist you in satisffing these duties.

Under applicable law, you may be required to provide notice of this incident to your patients, as
well as certain federal and state regulators, and/or the nationa[ consumer reporting agencies. We
retained Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith, LLP ('LBBS') to assist us in determining what tegal
obligations may exist as a result of this incident,

Your company's precise notice obligations, and the time in which you may be required to satisfy
such obligations, are determined by HIPAA and potentially various states' laws. Based on your



484*754L-O11L1
risk assessmen! the incident may require you to rsport details to the U.S, Department of Health
and Human Services ("IIHS') and to the [client name] patients whose information was contained
on our network at the time of the attack. Notification duties to affected individuals, state
regulators and the national consumer reporting agencies may also be required under the data
breach notification laws of the states where your patients reside. This notice does not constitute
legal or compliance advice.


Should you require specific legal guidancg we encourage you to discuss the contents of this
letter, and NMC's proposed actions, with legal counsel. If you wish to provide notice of this
incident to your patients directly, we encourage you to consult legal counsel. LBBS would be
happy to discuss this matter with your legal counsel,

NMC would like to provide notice of this incidenl on your company's behalf, to your affected
patients, the national consumer reporting agencies, HHS, and applicable State Attomeys General.
 Altached u ExhlbJlzl is a list of the regulators NMC will notify regarding this incident. We are
notifying only the regulators identificd in Exhlbtt A.lfyour company has reporting obligations
to other regulators, including the Califomia Department ofPublio Health, that notice will have to
be submitted directly by your company. If you would like NMC to provide notice of dris
incident to your affected patients, the national consumer reporting agencies, and the regulators
identified in Exhibil A, please confirm that we have your authority to provide these notices as
soon as possible but, because time is of the essence, no later than Friday' June lzt 2015.
Consent to provide these notices on your company's behalf may be sent to [Eric Jones contact
informationl.
NMC takes the security of proteoted health information very seriously. With your authorization,
in addition to mailing notice to your affected patients, we   will   also provide your affected patients
with the opportunity to enroll in identity monitoring and proteotion services at no co6t to them
should they feel it is appropriate to do so.

Wewill establish a toll-free number that individuals can call ifthey have any questions regarding
this incidenL That number will be provided in the notices to affected individuals.

We are continuing to investigate this incident, and we are working diligently to address any
identified security vulnerability associated with this incident. We are also reviewing our security
practices to enhance the seourity ofprotected health information at NMC.

Allquestions regalding this notice and qucstions regarding the provision of mailing addresses
should be directed to our privacy and data security counsel, James Prendergast at Ql5) 977-
4067.

Our investigation into this incident is ongoing, We will update you with any substantial
developments in this matter. We remain committed to the privacy of protected health
information, and sincerely regret any inconveniense or concern that this may have caused you.         .




4848-7541-0212,1
EXHIBIT B
                            Meilical Informatics Engineering Notifies
                           Individuals of a Data Security Compromise


Fort Wayne, Indiana, June 10, 2015 - On behalf of itself and its affected clients,
Medical Inforrratics Engineering is writing to provide notice of a data security compromise that has
afflected the security of some protected health i:rformation relating to certain patients affiiiated with
certain Medical Informatics Engineering clients. We emphastze that the patients of only certain
cltents of Medical Informatics Engineeringwere affectedby this compromise andthose clients hqve
all been notified. Clients include; Concenfrq Fort Wayne Neurological Center, Franciscan St.
Francis Hea1th Indianapolis, Gynecology Center, Inc. Fort Wayne, and Rochester Medical Group.

 OnMay26,2015, Medicallnformatics Engineering discovered suspicious acfivityrelatingto one of
its servers. Medical Idormatics Engineering immediately began an investigation to identify and
remediate anyidentifled securityvulnerability. Medical L:forrnatics Engineering'steam, including
independent third-parfy forensics experts, has been working continuowly to investigate the attaok
and enhance data security and protection. On May 25, 2015, Medical Iaformatics Engineering also
reported this incident to law enforcement including the FBI Cyber Squad. Law enforcement is
actively investigating this matter, and Medical Informatics Engineering is cooperating with law
enforcement's investigation. Medical lnformatics Engineering's forensic investigationindicatest]re
unauthorized access to our network began on May 7,2015. The investigatiou indicates this is a
sophisticated cyber attack.

Compromised information

While investigations into this incident are ongoing, Medical Informatics Engineering determined the
security of some protected health infonnation contained on Medical Informatics Engineering's
network has been affected. The protected health information affected by this incident relates to
patients affiliated with certain Medical Inforrratics Engineering clients identified above and may
include the patients' name, mailing address, email address, date of birth, and for some patients a
social security number, lab results, dictated repods, and medical conditions. No financial or credit
card information has been compromised, as we do not collect or store this hfonnation.

Medical Informatics Engineering also determined that this cyber attack compromised protected
health information for its NoMoreClipboard subsidiary, Separate notice is being issued for affected
clients and patients associated with NoMoreC1ipboard.

Notification

On June 2,201.5, Medical Informatics Engineering began contacting and mailing notice letters
dlssl6sing this incident to affected Medical Informatics Engineering clients.

Affected patients for whom Medical Inforrnatics Engineering has a valid postal address will be
notifiedofthisincidentthroughU.S.mail. MedicallnformaticsEngineeriugwillalsobedisclosing
this incident to certain state and federal regulators,




48t4-t0u-ts24.l
Identity protection s eryices

As the investigations continue, and out of an abundance of caution, Medical Irformatics Engineering
is offering credit monitoring and identity protection seryices to affected patients, free of charge, for
the next 24 months.

Medical Informatics Engineering has established a toll-free call center to answer questions relating
to tlis data security event and the support and services being provided.

Fraud prevention tips

Medicat Informatics Engineering suggests that aflected patients remain vigilant and seek to protect
againstpossible identitytheft or otlier financialloss by reviewing account statements, notifyingtheir
credit card companies, healthcare providers, and insurers of fle data compromise, and monitoring
their credit reports. Affected patients may also review Explanation of Benefits statements for
irregularities. if an individual does not receive regular Explanation of Benefits statements, he or she
can contact his or her health plan and request thern to send such statements following the provision
of services.

UnderU.S.law, patients are entitledto one ftee creditreport annually from each of thetlree major
credit brueaus, To obtain a free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free,
(877)322-8228.

At no charge, potentially affected patients can also have these credit bureaus place a "fraud alert" on
their frles that alerts creditors to take additional steps to veri$r their identity prior to granting credit
in their names. Piease note, however, that because it tells creditors to foilow certain procedures to
protectthe individual's credit, itmay also delaythe abilityto obtaincreditwhilethe agenoy verifies
the individual's identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms an individual's fraud alert, the others
are notified to place fraud alerts on that individual's file. Any individual wishing to place a fraud
ale{ or who. has questions regarding their credit report, can contact any one of the following
agencies: Eqriifax, P.O. Box 105069, Atlarfa, GA 30348-5069, 800-525-6285, www.equifax.com;
Experian, P.O. Box 2002, AILen, TX 75013, 888'397-3742, wwv.experian'com; or TransUnion,
P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022-2000, 800-680-7289, www.transuaion.com. l:fonnation
regarding security freezes may also be obtained from these sources.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) also encouragesthosewho discover tlattheirinforrnationhas
been misused to file a complaint with them, To file a complaint with the FTC, or to obtain additional
information on identity theft and ttre steps that can be taken to avoid identity theft, the FTC can be
reached at: 600 Pennsylvania AvenueNW, Washington, D.C. 20580, or atvnvw.ftc.gov/idtheft, or
(877) ID-TImFT (877 -438-433 S); TTY: (566) 6fi-A61. This notice has not been delayed because
oflaw enforcementl however, instances ofknown or suspected identify theft should be reported to
law enforcement, the Attomey General in the individual's state of residence, and the FTC' State
Attorneys General may also have advice on preventing identity theft. Patients can also leam more
about placing a fraud alert or security freeze on their credit files by contacting the FTC or their
state's Attomey General. For North Carolina residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at
9001    Mail Service Center, Raleieh, NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj,gov- For


481+1027-1524.1
Maryland residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor,
Baltimore, lv} 27202,(888) 743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us. ForKentuclcy residens, the Attomey
General canbe contacted at700 Capitol Avenue, Suite 118, Frankfort, Kentucky 40601-3449,502-
696-5389, wwwag.lry.gov,

Tolt-free hotline

To better assist those who may potentialLy have been afflected, Medical Informatics Engineering has
established a confidential, toll-free hotline to answer questions. This hotline is available Monday
through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. E.T., and can be reached at (86 6) 328-1987 . Updates will be
posted to this website.

We take the security of health inforrration very seriously and understand that such incidents cause
real concern. We apologize sincerely and thank our customers for their continued loyalty and
patience as we work through this challenge.




Massachusetts residents can click here for additional information.




48t4-t027-ls14.l
                                  NoMoreClipboard Notice to
                          Individuals of a Data Security Compromise


Fort Wayne, Indiana, June 10, 2015 On behatf of itself and its af[ected clients, NoMoreClipboard
is witing to provide notice of a data security compromise ttrat has afflected the security of some
protected- neatn inforrration relating to certiain clients and individuals who have used a
NoMoreClipboard personal health record or patient portal'

 OnMay 26,2015, we discovered suspicious activity in one of ow seryers. We immediately began an
investigation to identiff and remediate any identified security vulnerability. Our first priority is to
safeguard the security of patient health infomratioq and we are working with a team of third-party
experts to investigate the attack and enhance data security and protection. This investigation is
ongoing. On May 26,?015. we also reported this incident to law enforcement including the FBI
Cyber Squad. Law enforcement is actively investigating this matt6r, and we are cooperating firlly
with law enforcement's investigation. The investigation indicates this is a sophisticated cyber attack.

Information ComFro mised

While investigations into this incident are ongoing, we determined that the sectuity of some
protected health information contained in NoMoreCiipboard accounts has been affected. The
affected data relating to individuals who used aNoMoreClipboard portaVpersonal health record may
iucl.ude an individuals' name, home address, usetname, hashed password, security question and
answer, email address, date of birtll health infomration, and Social Security uumber. No financial or
credit card information has been compromised, as we do not collect or store this information. Our
forensis investigation indicates fhe unauthorized access to our network began on May 7,2015, Al
this time we are working to quantifu the number of patients affected by this incident.

We strongly encourage all NoMoreClipboard users to change their passwords. We also strongly
encowage everyone to use diflerent passwords for each of their various accounts. Do not use the
same password tarice. The next time a NoMoreClipboard user logs in, we will prompt a password
change. As part ofthe password change process, users will be sent a 5 digit PIN code to either a cell
phone, via an automated phone call, or to ao email address already associated with the
NoMoreClipboard account. Users will have to enter this 5 digit code to reset their password. We are
also emailingNoMoreClipboard users to encourage this password change.

Notification

On June 2,2015, we began contacting and mailing notice letters disclosing this    incidentto affected
NoMoreClipboard clients.

Affected individuals for whom we have a valid postal address will also be notified of tbis incident
through U.S. mail. We will also be disclosing this incident to certain state and federal regulators.




4825-58n-8',140.1
Identity protection s ervices

As the investigations continue, and out of an abundance of caution, we are offering creditmonitoring
and identity protection services to affected individuals, free ofcharge, for the next 24 months.

W'e have estabLished atoll-free call centerto answer questions relatingto this datasecurityevent aod
the support and services being provided.

X'raud prevention tips

We suggest tlat affleoted individuals remain vigilant and seek to protect against possible identity
theft or other financial loss by reviewing account statements, notifying their credit cad companies,
healthcare providers, and insurers of the data compromise, and monitoring their credit reports.
A-ffected individuals may also teview Explanation of Benefits statements for inegularities. If an
individual does not receive regular Expianation ofBenefits statements, he or she can contact his or
her health plan and request them to send such statements following the provision of services.

Under U.S. law, individuals axe entifled to one free credit report annually from each of the tbree
major credit bureaus. To obtain a free credit report, visit www,annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-
ftee, (877) 322-8228.

At no charge, potentially affected individuals can also have these credit bureaus place a "fraud alert"
on their files that alerts creditors to take additional steps to veri8' their identity prior to granting
credit in their names. Please note, however, that because it tells creditors to follow certain
procedures to protect fhe individual's credit, it may also detay tho ability to obtain credit while the
agencyverifiestheindividual's identity. As soonas one creditbureauconfiuns anindividual'sftaud
alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts on that individual's file. Any individual wishing to
place a fraud alert, or who has questions regarding their credit report, can contact any one ofthe
following agencies: Equifax, P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348-5069, 800-525-6285,
www.equifax.com; Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, 888-397-3742, www.experian.com;
or TransUnion, P.O. Box 2000, Chester,PA19022-2000, 800-680-7289, www.tuansunion.com.
Information regarding security freezes may also be obtained ftom these sources.

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) also encouragesthosewho discoverthattheirinformationhas
been misusEd to file a complaint with them. To file a complaint wrth the FTC, or to obtain additional
information on identity theft aad the steps that can be taken to avoid identity theft, the FTC can be
reached at: 600 PennsylvaniaAvenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20580, or at www.ftc.gov/idtheft, or
(877)ID-THEFT(877-435-4338);TTY: (566)653-426l.Thisnoticehasnotbeendelayedbecause
oflaw enforcement; however, instances ofknown or suspected identity theft should be reported to
law enforcemen! the Attorney General in the individual's state of residence, and the FTC' State
Attomeys General may also have advice on preventing identity theft. krdividuals can also leam more
about placing a fraud alert or security fteeze on their credit fiies by contacting the FTC or their
state's Attorney General, For North Carolina residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at
9001 Mail Service Center, RaleigtL NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov. For
Marytand residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor,



4825-5812-87 40.1
Baltimore, MD 212;02,(888) 743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us. ForKentuckyresidents, theAttorney
General canbe contacted at700 Capitol Avenue, Suite 118, Fran1don, Kentuclry 40601-3449,502'
696-5389, www.ae.kv.gov.

Toll-free hotline

To better assist those who may potentially have been affected, we have established a confi.dential,
toll-free hotline to answer questions. This hofline is available Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to
9:00 p.m, 8.T., and can be reached at (856) 328-1,987. Updated will be posted to this website.

We take the securit5r of health information very seriously and understand that such incidents
cause real concem. We apologize siucerely and thank our customers for their continued loyalty
and patience as we work ttrrough this challenge.




Massachusetts residents can cliok here for additional infonnation.




4825-5877-8740.1
EXHIBIT C
                                             PRESS   CONTACT: MELANIE THOMAS
                                                         urthomas@jnformtheagency. com
                                                                          202-390-7887


          STATEMENT REGARDING MEDICAL INFORMATICS
             BNGINEERING'S RECENT CYBER ATTACK

A Message from Eric Jones
Co-Founder & COO, Medical Informatics Engineering
June 10,2015

A  sophisticated cyber attack has compromised some of the protected health infomration
contained on our Medical Informatics Engineering and NoMoreClipboard networks. As
soon as we detected suspicious activity on May 26, we launched an intemal investigation,
retained independent third-parry forensics experts, and alerted law enforcement,
including the FBI Cyber Squad. Our initial investigation indicates that the unauthorized
access to our network began on May 7,2015.

Our first priority is to safeguard the security of patient health information. We are
working with a team of IT security experts to investigate the attack and enhance data
security and protection.

Afflected data includes names, addresses, dates ofbirth, social security numbers and other
protected health information. No financial or credit card information has been
compromised, as we do not collect or store that inforrnation.

'We
    are working diligently to determine how many patients were afflected by this incident,
arrd we have notified affected healthcare provider clients and business associates.
Individuals will be notified by letter if their information was compromised.

We are offering credit monitoring and identity protection services to affected individuals,
ftee of charge, for the next 24 months. We have also established a toll-free call center to
answer questions about this attack and the support and services being provided.

We take the security of health information very seriously and understand that such
incidents cause real concem. We apologize sincerely and thank our customers for their
continued loyalty and patience as we work through this challeuge.

For more information, please contact the toll-ftee call center at 866-328-1987   .
                           Medical Informatics Engineering notifies
                           Patients of a Data Security Compromise


tr'ort Wayne, Indiana, June 10, 2015 - On behalf of itself and its affected clients,
Medical lnformatics Engineering is writing to provide notice of a data security compromisethathas
afflected the security of some protectedhealthinformationrelatingto certainpatients affrliatedwith
certain Medical Informatics Engineering clierts. We emphasize that the patients of only certain
clients of Medical Informatics Engineeringwere affected by this compromise and those clients have
att beei notified. Clients include: Concentra, Fort Wayne Neurological Center, Franciscan St'
Francis Health Indianapolis, Gynecology Ceuter, Inc. Fort Wayne, and Rochester Medical Gtoup.

 OnMay26,2015, Medical. tnformatics Engineering discovered suspicious activityrelatingto oneof
its servers. Medical Informatics Engineering immediately began an investigation to identify and
remediate any identified security wlaerability. Medical Informatics Engineering's team, including
independent third-party forensics experts, has been working continuously to investigate the attack
and enhance data security and protection, OnMay 26,2015, Medical Informatics Engineering also
reported this incident to law enforcement including the FBI Cyber Squad. Law enforcement is
actively investigating this matter, and Medical Inforrnatics Engineering is cooperating with law
enforcement's investigation. Medical Infon:ratics Engineering's forensic investigation indicates ttre
unauthorized access to our network began on May 7,2015. The investigation indicates this is a
sophisticated cyber attack.

Compromised information

While investigations into this incident are ongoing Medical Informatics Engineering determined the
security of some protected health information contained on Medical Informatics Engineering's
network has been affected. The protected health information affected by this incident relates to
patients afflrliated with certain Medical Informatics Engineering clients idenffied above and nray
include the patient's name, mailing address, email address, date of birth, and for some patients a
social security number, lab results, dictated reports, and medical conditions. No financial or credit
card inforrnation has been compromised, as we do not collect or store this information.

Medical Informatics Engineering also determined that this cyber attack compromised protected
health infounation for its NoMoreClipboard subsidiary. Separate notice is being issued for affected
clients and patients associated with NoMoreClipboard.

Notification

On June 2,2015, Medical Informatics Engineering began contacting and mailing notice letters
disclosing this incident to affected Medical Informatics Engineering clients.

A-ffected patients for whom Medical Informatics Engineering has a valid postal address will be
notified ofthis incident t}rough U.S. mail. The same infomration contained in the notice letter will
also be available at the Medical Informatics Engineering website www.mi
                                                                     -                    m. Medical
Informatics Engineering will also be disclosing this incident to certaia state and federal regulators.



48t4-t027-1524.1
klentity protection s ervices

As the investigations conthu6, and out of an abundance of caution, Medical lnformatics Engineering
is offering crJdit monitoring and identity protection services to affected patients, free of chargq for
the next 24 months.

Medical 6formatics Engineering has established a toll-free oall center to answer questions relating
to this data security event and the support and services being provided.

Fraud prevention tips

Medical lnformatics Engineering zuggests that affectedpatients remainvigilant and seekto protect
againstpossible identitytheftor otlerfinancial loss by reviewing account statements, notiffingtheir
.t"ait.rra companies, healthcare providers, and insurers of the data compromise, and monitoring
their credit r"po.ts. Affected patieuts may also review Explanation of Benefits statements for
irregularities. If an individual does not receive regular Explanation of Benefits statements, he or she
can contact his or her health plan and request them to send such statements following the provision
of services.

Under U.S. Iaw, patients are entitled to one free cedit report annually from each of the three major
credit bureaus. Tt obtain a free credit report, visit www.annualcrediteport.com or call, toll-ftee,
(877)322-8228.

At no chargg potentially affected patients can also have these credit bureaus place a "fraud alert" on
tLeir files that alerts creditors to take additional steps to veriff their identity prior to granting credit
in their names. Ptease note, however, that because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to
protect the individual's credit, it may also delay the ability to obtain credit while the agency verifies
ihe individual's identity. As soon as one creditbureau confirms anindividual's ftaud alert, the others
are notified to place fraud alerts on that individual's f,le. Any individual wishing to place a ftaud
alert, or who has questions regarding their credit report, can contact any one ofthe following
agencies: Equifax, P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348-5069, 800-525-6285, www.equifax.com;
Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Aller4 TX 75013, 888-397-3742, www.experian.com; or TransUnion,
P.O. gox 2000, Chester, PA 19022:2000, 800-680-7289, www.transunion,com. Information
regarding security fi'eezes may also be obtained from these sources.

The Federal Trade Commissiou (FTC) also encourages those who discover that their information has
beenmisusedto file acomplaintwiththem. To file acomplaintwiththe FTC, orto obtajnadditional
infonnation on identity theft and the steps that can be taken to avoid identity theft, the FTC can be
reached at: 600 Peunsylvarda Avenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20580, or at www.ftc.gov/idtheft, or
(877) ID-TIIEFT (S't7 438-4338); TTY: (566) 653-4261 . This notice has not been delayed because
oflaw enforcement; however, instaaces ofknown or suspected identity theft should be reported to
law enforcement, the Attorney General in the individual's state of residence, and the FTC. State
Attorneys General may also have advice on preventing identity theft. Patients can also leam more
                                                                by contacting the FTC or their
about placing a ftaud alert or security fteeze on their credit files
state's Attomey General. For North Carolina residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at




481+L@',1-ts24.l
9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, (919) 716'6400, wwwncdoj.gov. For
Maryland residents, the Attorney General can be contacted al 200 St. Paul Place, 161tr Floor,
Baltimore, MD 21202, (888) 743-0023, www.ops.state.md.us. ForKentuciqyresidents,theAttorney
General can be contacted at 700 Capitol Avenue, Suite 118, Frankfort, Kentucky 40601-3449, 502-
696-5389, www.ag.ky.gov.

Toll-free hotline

To better assistthose rvho maypotentially have been affected Medical Informatics Engineeringhas
established a conf.dential, toll-free hotline to answer questions. This hofline is available Monday
tlrough Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. E.T., and can be reached at (866) 328-1987. Affectedpatients
can also visit www.mieweb.com for additional information and updates.

We take the security of health information very seriously and understand that such incidents cause
real concem. We apologize sincerely and thank our customers for their continued loyalty and
patience as we work through this challenge.




48t+1027-rsz4.1
                                  NoMoreClipboard Notice to
                          Individuals of a Data Security Compromise


Fort Wayne, Indiana, June 10, 2015 On behalf of itself and its affected clients, NoMoreClipboard
is v'vriting to provide notice of a data security compromise that has affected the security of some
protected health information relating to certain clients and individuals who have used a
NoMoreClipboard personal health record or patient portal.

 OnMay26,2015, we discovered suspicious activityin oneof ourseryers. Weirnmediatelybeganan
investigation to identiff and remediate any identified security wlnerability. Our first priority is to
safeguard the security of patient health irformation, and we are working with a team of third-parly
experts to investigate the attack and enhauce data security and proteotion. This investigatiou is
ongoing. On May 26,2015, we also reported this incident to law enforcement including the FBi
Cyber Squad. Law enforcement is actively investigating this matter, and we are cooperating fuIly
with law enforcement's investigation. The investigation indicates this is a sophisticated cyber attack.

Information compromised

While investigations into this incident are ongoing, we determined that the security of some
protected health information contained in NoMoreClipboard accounts has been affected. The
affected datarelatingto individuals who usedaNoMoreClipboardportaVpersonal healthrecordmay
include an individuals' name, home address, username, hashed password, security question and
answer, email address, date of birth, health information, and Social Security number. No financial or
credit card information has been compromised, as we do not collect or store this information. Our
forensic investigation indicates the unauthorized access to our network began on May 7, 2015. At
this time we are working to quanti-& the number of patients affected by this incident.

We strongly encourage all NoMoreClipboard users to change their passwords. W'e also strongly
encourage everyone to use different passwords for eaoh of their various accounts. Do not use the
same password twice. The next time a NoMoreClipboard user logs in, we will prompt a password
change. As part ofthepassword change process, users will be sent a 5 digit PIN code to either a cell
phonq via an automated phone call, or to arr email address already associated with the
NoMoreClipboard account. Users will have to enter this 5 digit code to reset their password. We are
also emailing NoMoreClipboard users to encourage this password change.

Notilication

On June 2, 2015, we began contacting aud mailing notice letters disclosing this incident to affected
NoMoreClipboard clients.

Affected individuals for whom we have a valid postal address will also be notified of this inoident
through U.S.  mail. The same information contained in the notice letter will also be available at
www.NoMoreClipboard.com. We will also be disclosing this incident to certain state and federal
regulators.




4825-5812-87 40.1
Identity protection services

As the investigations continue, and out of an abundance of caution, we are offering creditmonitoring
and identity protection services to affected individuals, fiee ofcharge, for the next 24 months.

We have established a toll-free call center to answer questions relating to this data security event aad
the support and services being provided.

n'raud prevention tips

We suggest that affected individuals remain vigilant and seek to protect against possible identity
theft or other financial loss by reviewing account statements, notifying their credit card companies,
healthcare providers, and insurers of tlle data compromise, and monitoriug their credit reports'
Affected individuals may also review Explanation of Benefits statemetrts for inegularities. If an
individual does not receive regular Explanation ofBenefits statements, he or she can contact his or
her health plan and request them to send such statements following the provision of services.

Under U.S. law, iadividuals are entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the tfuee
major credit bureaus. To obtain a &ee credit report, visit www,annualcrediteport.com or call, toll-
free, (877) 322-8228.

At no charge, potentially affected individuals can also have these creditbureaus place a "ftaud alert"
on their files that alerts creditors to take additional steps to veriff their identity prior to granting
credit in their names. Please uote, however, that because it tells creditors to follow certain
procedures to proteot the individual's credi! it may also delay the ability to obtain credit while the
agencyverifies the individual's identity. As soonas one creditbureauconfirms anindividual's fraud
alert, the others are notified to place ftaud alerts on that individual's file. Any individual wishing to
place a ftaud alert, or who has questions regarding their credit report, can contact any one of the
following agencies: Equifax, P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348-5069, 800-525-6285,
www,equifax.com; Experian, P.O. Box 2002, AIIen, TX 75013, 888-397-3742, www.experian.com;
or TransUnion, P.O, Box 2000, Chester,PA L9022-2000, 800-680-7289, www.transunion.com.
Inforsration regarding security freezes may also be obtained from these sotuces'

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) also encourages those who discover that their information has
been misused to file a complaint with them. To file a complaint with the FTC, or to obtain additional
information on identity theft and the steps that can be taken to avoid identity theft, the FTC can be
reached at: 600 PennsylvaniaAvenueNW', Washington, D.C.20580, or atwww.ftc.gov/idtheft' or
(877) ID-TIIEFT (877 -438-433 8); TTY: (866) 653-4261 , This notice has not been delayed because
oflaw enforcement; however, instances ofknown or suspected identity theft should be reported to
law enforcemen! the Attomey General in the individual's state of residencg and the FTC' State
Attorneys General may also have advice on preventing identity theft. Individuals can also learn mote
about placing a ftaud alert or security fteeze on their credit fiIes by contacting the FTC or their
state's Attomey General. For North Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at




4825-59t2-8140.1
9001 Mail Service center, Raleigh NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov. For
Maryland residents, the Attomey General can be contacted at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor,
Baltimore, MD 2L202,(888)743-0023, www.oas.state.md.us. ForKentuckyresidents,theAttomey
General canbe contacted at700 CapitolAvenue, Suite 118, Fran}Jort, Kentucky 40601-3449,502-
69 6-5389, www. as.ky. gov.


Toll-free hotline

To better assist those who may potentially have been affected we have established a confidential,
toll-free hotline to answer questions. This hotline is avaiiable Monday through Friday,9:00 a.m. to
9:00 p.m. E.T., and can be reached at (866) 328-1987. Affected individuals can also visit
www.NoMoreClipboard.com for additionai information and updates.

We take the security of health infonnation very seriously and understand that such incidents
cause realconcem. We apologize sincerely and thank our customers for their continued loyalty
and patience as we work tlrough this challenge.




48U-58724740.1
