                                              EQUIFAX AUTHORIZATION CODE ________


                                                                                 July __, 2012

Dear [insert name]:

       We are writing to you because of a recent security incident which may have resulted in
unauthorized access of your personal information.

        On or about June 29, 2012 we received word from one of our customers that several of
their employees had reported unauthorized charges on their credit cards. As you probably know,
we are in the business of selling uniforms, apparel and related items. Many of these sales take
place through “web stores” that are developed and hosted by a third party vendor on behalf of
Mission Linen Supply. Although purchases made through these web stores are considered
transactions with Mission Linen Supply, personally identifiable information that was provided by
persons who purchased goods through the web stores was stored and maintained by this third
party vendor and not by Mission Linen Supply.

        As a result of some potentially unauthorized access to this vendor’s file servers, Mission
Linen Supply believes that your credit or debit card number, the expiration date and possibly
your name and other credit card information were compromised. We have been diligently
investigating this incident along with our third party vendor.

        Since discovering this possible data breach incident, we immediately contacted our credit
card processor and the third party vendor. We also immediately (1) directed the vendor to
protect all personal information that might have been compromised; (2) began sending urgent
emails to our customers alerting them of the possibility of compromise; (3) began an extensive
internal investigation; (4) notified local law enforcement, including the U.S. Secret Service; and
(5) notified our merchant bank of the suspected issue. Our third party vendor confirmed to us
that credit card information was encrypted on its server, but we are still investigating how that
encryption might have been broken. Going forward, the third party vendor will no longer be
collecting or storing any credit card information at all. It will only be collected by a processor
whose sole job is the secure collection and processing of credit card information.

        To protect yourself from the possibility of unauthorized charges, if you have not already
done so, we recommend that you contact your credit card issuer immediately by calling the toll-
free number located on the back of your card or on your monthly statement, tell them you
have received this letter, and ask them to cancel and reissue the card. You should tell your
credit card issuer that your account may have been compromised and you should review all
charges on your account for potentially fraudulent activity.

       In addition to the cancellation of your credit card, please review the detailed instructions
attached relating to fraud alerts and security freezes, as well as information on receiving and
reviewing your credit reports.


702 EAST MONTECITO STREET | SANTA BARBARA | CALIFORNIA 93103 |   PH :   800-944-5539 | www.missionlinen.com
  IMPORTANT INFORMATION:

          Mission Linen Supply has arranged with Equifax to provide you with credit monitoring
  for a year at no charge to you. Credit monitoring will provide you with an “early warning
  system” to changes to your credit file. The key features and benefits are as follows:

        Comprehensive credit file monitoring of all three credit reporting bureaus with
         daily notification of key changes to your credit files from any of the three credit
         agencies
        One 3-in-1 credit report
        Unlimited access to your Equifax Credit Report
        Live customer service agents available to 24-7 to provide personalized assistance
         and to assist you in understanding the contents of your Equifax credit information
         and in initiating investigations of inaccurate information

  You will need to register for this free credit monitoring before _______, 2012. To take
  advantage of this officer, follow this simple verification and enrollment process:

        Visit: www.myservices.equifax.com/tri and follow the online instructions. All
         information is provided in a secure environment. Provide the following Activation
         Code _________ in the “enter the promotion code”.
        To receive this product by US Mail: Please call Equifax toll free at 866-937-8432

         We sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern that this matter may have caused you.
  Thank you for your patience and understanding while we have worked to protect your
  information.

        If there is anything the Company can do to assist you, please call Kim Garden at (800)
  944-5539.


                                                     Sincerely,




                                                     Karl Willig
                                                     President and Chief Executive Officer




702 EAST MONTECITO STREET | SANTA BARBARA | CALIFORNIA 93103 |    PH :   800-944-5539 | www.missionlinen.com
            RECOMMENDED STEPS TO HELP PROTECT YOUR IDENTITY

PLEASE NOTE: NO ONE IS ALLOWED TO PLACE A FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR
CREDIT REPORT EXCEPT FOR YOU. PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS
BELOW TO PLACE THE ALERT.

    1. Request and review credit reports

    As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your
account statements and credit reports closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an
account, you should promptly notify the financial institution or company with which the account
is maintained and request that the card or account be closed. You also should promptly report
any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement

authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). FOR
MASSACHUSETTS RESIDENTS: We are also required to inform you that you have the right
to obtain a police report regarding the breach.

       To file a complaint with the FTC, go to www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT
(877-438-4338). Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data
Clearinghouse, which is a database made available to law enforcement agencies.

         You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit
reporting agencies once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling
toll-free 877-322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it
to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can elect
to purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting
agencies. Contact information for the three national credit reporting agencies for the purpose of
requesting a copy of your credit report is provided below:

        Equifax                      Experian                           TransUnion
        (800) 685-1111               (888) 397-3742                     (800) 916-8800
        www.equifax.com              www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com
        P.O. Box 740241              P.O. Box 9532                      P.O. Box 6790
        Atlanta, GA 30374            Allen, TX 75013                    Fullerton, CA 92834

        When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you
did not open. Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate, and look for personal
information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you see
anything you do not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number
provided on the report. When you review your credit card statements, look for charges you did
not authorize and report these to your credit card issuer for investigation.




702 EAST MONTECITO STREET | SANTA BARBARA | CALIFORNIA 93103 |   PH :   800-944-5539 | www.missionlinen.com
          If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff’s
  office and file a police report of identity theft. Obtain a copy of the police report as you may
  need to give copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records.

         Even if you do not find signs of fraudulent activity on your reports, we recommend that
  you check your credit report every three months for the next year. To do so, just call one of the
  numbers above to order your reports and keep the fraud alert in place.

  2.     Place Fraud Alerts

            You may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud
   alert is free and will stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of
   possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to
   establishing any accounts in your name. For this reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you,
   but it also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. To place a fraud alert on your credit
   report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies using the contact information below:

  Equifax Fraud Reporting                Experian Fraud Reporting           TransUnion Fraud Reporting
  (800) 525-6285                         (888) 397-3742                     (800) 680-7289
  www.equifax.com                        www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com
  P.O. Box 740241                        P.O. Box 9532                      P.O. Box 6790
  Atlanta, GA 30374                      Allen, TX 75013                    Fullerton, CA 92834

          It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods.
  As soon as one of the three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place
  alerts on their records as well. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be
  able to order all three credit report, free of charge, for your review.

  3.     Security Freeze

          In some US states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This
  will prevent new credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN that is issued
  to you when you initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors
  from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may
  interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a security freeze
  on your credit file with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if you request a security
  freeze from a credit reporting agency, there may be a fee of up to $5.00 to place, lift, or remove
  the security freeze. If you are a victim of identity theft (or spouse of a victim) and have filed a
  report with your local law enforcement agency and have obtained a valid police report or
  submitted an ID Complaint Form with the Federal Trade Commission, there is no charge to place
  the freeze.

         In order to request a security freeze you will need to provide the following information:
              Your full name (including middle initial, as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.)
              Social Security number
              Date of birth



702 EAST MONTECITO STREET | SANTA BARBARA | CALIFORNIA 93103 |     PH :   800-944-5539 | www.missionlinen.com
              If you have moved in the past five (5) years, provide the addresses where you
               have lived over the past five (5) years
              Proof of current address, such as a current utility bill or telephone bill
              A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s
               license or ID card, military identification, etc.)
              If you a victim of identity theft, include a copy of either the police report,
               investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning
               identity theft
              If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order
               or credit card. Do not send cash through the mail.

The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to place a
security freeze on your credit report. The credit bureaus must also send written confirmation to
you within five (5) business days and provide you with a unique personal identification number
(PIN) or password, or both, that can be used by you to authorize the removing or lifting of the
security freeze.

To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access to your credit
report or to remove the security freeze, you must call or send a written request to the credit
reporting agencies by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and social security
number) and the PIN or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze, as well
as the identities of those entities or individuals you would like to receive your credit report, or
the specific period of time you want the credit report available. This cannot be done by
telephone. The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your
request to either remove or lift the security freeze.

4. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft
from the following:

For Maryland Residents                                        For North Carolina Residents
Office of the Attorney General of Maryland                    Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division                                  9001 Mail Service Center
200 St. Paul Place                                            Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
Baltimore, MD 21202                                           www.ncdoj.com
www.oag.state.md.us/Consumer                                  Telephone: 1-919-716-6400
Telephone: 1-888-743-0023

For all other US Residents
Identity Theft Clearinghouse
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20580
(877)- IDTHEFT (438-4338)
TDD: 1-202-326-2502



702 EAST MONTECITO STREET | SANTA BARBARA | CALIFORNIA 93103 |    PH :   800-944-5539 | www.missionlinen.com
