[letterhead]

December __, 2012

[Name of Individual]
[Street Address]
[City, State and Zip]

Dear [Name of Individual]:

The confidentiality of personal information we maintain is critically important to Mt. Diablo Unified
School District ("District") and we take great efforts to protect it. Regrettably, we are writing to let you
know about an incident involving some of that information.

One of our offices was burglarized on Saturday, December 1, 2012 and a password protected unencrypted
computer was stolen after thieves broke a window. Law enforcement and District staff were
immediately alerted because the office was protected by a security camera, motion detector, and an alarm.
The stolen computer contained Excel and Word files that included employees’ names, dates of birth,
addresses, and Social Security numbers for employees and former employees who worked at the District
between 1998 and 2010.

The District is working diligently with law enforcement. We have no reason to believe that the computer
was stolen for the information on it or that the information on it has been improperly used in any way.
However, we appreciate the trust that you place in us and as a precautionary measure, we are offering you
a free one-year membership in ProtectMyID EliteTM from ConsumerInfo.com, Inc. an Experian company
to provide you with credit monitoring capabilities and in-depth assistance in identity theft protection.
ProtectMyID Elite is completely free and enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit score. For
more information on ProtectMyID Elite and instructions on how to activate your complimentary one-year
membership, please see the last page of this letter

To prevent something like this from happening in the future, the District has implemented several
measures to minimize the use of employee social security numbers in District reports and forms, other
than when legally required. We apologize for the concern and inconvenience this situation may cause
you. If you have any questions, please call [number], Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Pacific Time.


                                                                   Sincerely,


                                                                   Steven Lawrence, Ph. D.
                                                                   Superintendent
                                 ProtectMyID Elite Enrollment Information

1. You Must Enroll By: [insert date]
2. ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/enroll or call 877-441-6943 to enroll
3. Your Activation Code: [insert code]

Once your ProtectMyID Elite membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50
leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Surveillance Alerts™ from ProtectMyID Elite
on any key changes in your credit report, a change of address, or if an Internet Scan detects that your
information may have been found in an online forum where compromised credentials are traded or sold.

ProtectMyID Elite provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and
resolve potential identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID Elite will assign a
dedicated U.S.-based Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud
resolution from start to finish for seamless service.

               Your complimentary One Year ProtectMyID Elite membership includes:

     Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
     Surveillance Alerts
          o Credit: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly opened
              accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections.
          o Internet Scan: Alerts you if your Social Security Number or Credit and/or Debit Card
              numbers are found on sites where compromised data is found, traded or sold.
          o Change of Address: Alerts you of any changes in your mailing address.
     Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
      dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the
      fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
     Lost Wallet Protection: If you ever misplace or have your wallet stolen, an agent will help you
      cancel your credit, debit and medical insurance cards.
     $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance1: As a ProtectMyID Elite member, you are immediately
      covered by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost
      wages, private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID Elite is complete, you should carefully review your credit report
for inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID Elite, need help
understanding something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be
fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team at 877-441-6943.

Whether or not you choose to use Experian’s credit monitoring service, we recommend that you remain
vigilant to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit card, bank, and other
financial statements for unauthorized activity. Under federal law, you may obtain a free copy of your
credit report once every 12 months from each of the three major nationwide credit reporting companies
below by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com, or by calling 1-877-322-8228.



1
  Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The
description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms,
conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and
exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
          Equifax                        Experian                      TransUnion
      1-800-685-1111                 1-888-397-3742                  1-800-888-4213
     P.O. Box 740256                  P.O. Box 2002                   P.O. Box 1000
     Atlanta, GA 30374               Allen, TX 75013                Chester, PA 19022
     www.equifax.com                www.experian.com               www.transunion.com

If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has
been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the attorney
general’s office in your home state. You should also immediately contact the police in your jurisdiction
and file a police report of identity theft. Obtain a copy of the police report as you may need to provide
copies of the report to creditors to clear up your records. Contact information for the Federal Trade
Commission is as follows:

        Federal Trade Commission
        600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
        Washington, DC 20580
        www.ftc.gov
        1-877-438-4338
