November 16, 2012

Name
Street Address
City, State and ZIP                                        Promotion Code: INSERT CODE

Dear Name,

We want to make you aware that a portion of our computer network was criminally attacked and we believe that the attack
compromised some of your information. We are very sorry that this situation has occurred. Protecting the privacy and
security of your information is a top priority for us, and we want to assure you that we have taken steps that will prevent this
type of attack from happening again. Although we are not aware of any misuse of your information at this time, we want
to inform you about the situation and encourage you to take the steps below, including taking advantage of the credit
monitoring and identity theft protection product we are providing to you at no charge.

The Incident
On October 3, 2012, a portion of our computer network that is used by Nationwide Insurance agents and Allied Insurance
agents was criminally intruded upon by an unidentified criminal perpetrator. We discovered the attack that day, and took
immediate steps to contain the intrusion. We believe that we successfully contained the attack through our responsive actions.

We promptly initiated an investigation of the attack and on October 16, 2012, we determined that the criminal perpetrator had
likely stolen some personal information from our systems. On November 2, 2012, we received confirmation of the identities
and addresses of the individuals whose personal information we believe was compromised. Although we are still
investigating the incident, our initial analysis has indicated that the compromised information included your name and [Social
Security number, driver’s license number, date of birth] and possibly your marital status, gender, and occupation, and the
name and address of your employer. At this time, we have no evidence that any medical information or credit card account
information was stolen in the attack.

We promptly reported this criminal attack to law enforcement authorities who are actively investigating the incident. A third-
party expert was retained to analyze the impacted data and worked with us to identify specifically whose personal
information was compromised as quickly as possible. We’re contacting you now to let you know about this event and what
you can do to protect your information against misuse.

Steps You Can Take to Protect Your Information Against Misuse
We are offering you a free credit-monitoring and identity theft protection product for one year as a precaution,
though at this time we have no evidence that your information has been misused. To request the credit monitoring and
identity theft protection product, please see the enrollment instructions on the following page. If you elect this product,
offered through our partnership with Equifax, it will provide you with notifications of key changes to your credit information,
up to $1-million identity fraud expense coverage and access to your credit report.

Details on other steps you can take to protect your information against misuse can be found on the “Additional Resources”
document enclosed with this letter. We also urge you to be vigilant and closely review and monitor your bank statements,
credit reports and other financial information for unusual activity.

Again, we are very sorry for this situation and are committed to enhancing our defenses against these kinds of attacks.
Your confidence in our ability to safeguard your information and your peace of mind are very important to us. If you have
any questions about this incident, we encourage you to call the toll-free number that Nationwide has established 1-800-760-
1125 or visit www.nationwide.com/notice.jsp.

Sincerely,

Jasmine Green
Vice President, Chief Customer Advocate
Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company
RESOURCES FOR CREDIT PROTECTION
About the product offered by Nationwide, through our partnership with Equifax Personal Solutions, at no charge to
you
We have arranged with Equifax Personal Solutions to help you protect your identity and your credit information at no cost to
you. The steps to follow are:
1. Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring identity theft protection product. This product is being
    provided to you at no cost for one year.
2. Additionally, you may choose to adopt an increased level of protection by placing a fraud alert on your credit file at
    Equifax and the other two credit reporting agencies

Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit file and help you to
understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit-reporting agencies. The key features and benefits are listed
below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring and automated alerts of key changes to your Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion
    credit reports
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available (available online only)
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your Equifax credit information, to
    provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and in initiating an investigation of inaccurate information.
o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal functionality (available online only)

How to Enroll
To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
1. Register: Complete the form with your contact information (name, gender, address, date of birth, Social Security Number
    and telephone number) and click “Continue” button. Complete the form with your email address, create a User Name
    and Password, enter the promotion code provided at the top of your letter in the “Promotion Code” box and agree to the
    Terms of Use then click “Accept Terms & Continue” button. This code eliminates the need to provide a credit card
    number for payment. The information is provided in a secured environment.
2. Verify ID: The system will then ask you up to four security questions. Please answer the questions and click the
    “Submit Order” button. This is the Equifax Identity Verification Process.
3. Order Confirmation: This page shows you your order. Please click the “View my Product” button to access your 3-in-1
    Credit Report and other product features.

To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch automated enrollment process.
Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US Mail only.
1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as provided at the top of your letter.
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home address, name, date of birth and
    Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access your credit file and to monitor
    your file. Without your agreement, Equifax cannot process your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that you will receive your
    Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your identity) or a Customer Care letter with further
    instructions (if your identity can not be verified using the information provided). Please allow up to 10 business days to
    receive this information.

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors of possible fraudulent
activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. Once the
fraud alert is added to your credit report, all creditors should contact you prior to establishing any account in your name. To
place a fraud alert on your credit file, visit: www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or you may contact the Equifax auto fraud line at
1-877-478-7625, and follow the simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been placed with Equifax, a notification will be
sent to the other two credit reporting agencies, Experian and Trans Union, on your behalf.
† Identity theft insurance underwritten by subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational
purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions,
and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. This product is not intended for minors (under 18 years of age).
Additional Resources
How to Obtain a Copy of Your Credit Report:
If you do not enroll in the credit monitoring and identity theft protection product offered to you, you may obtain
one copy of your credit report per year free of charge, whether or not you suspect any unauthorized activity on
your account. We recommend you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing credit card
account statements and obtaining and monitoring your credit reports for unauthorized activity. You may obtain a
copy of your credit report free of charge by contacting any one or more of the following national consumer
reporting agencies:

Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374; 1-800-685-1111; www.freeze.equifax.com
Experian, P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013; 1-888-397-3742; www.experian.com
Transunion, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022; 1-800-888-4213; www.transunion.com

Security Freezes:
You have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report. A security freeze is intended to prevent
credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your consent; however, using a
security freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you need to send a request to a consumer reporting agency by
certified mail, overnight mail, or regular stamped mail. The following information must be included when
requesting a security freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report for your spouse, this information must
be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security number;
(3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any applicable
incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request
must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or
insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and
the date of issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 (and in some cases, up to
$20.00) to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a
victim of identity theft, and you have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the
consumer reporting agency.

Equifax Security Freeze, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348; www.equifax.com
Experian Security Freeze, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013; www.experian.com
TransUnion (FVAD), P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834; www.transunion.com

Law Enforcement and Police Reports:
If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or account statements, or have reason to believe that your
personal information is being misused, please report it to your local law enforcement authorities and the Federal
Trade Commission immediately and file a police report. You have a right to request a copy of the police report
and should retain it for further use, as many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of
potential fraudulent debts.

For Residents of Maryland and North Carolina:
You can obtain more information from the Maryland and North Carolina Offices of the Attorney General and the
Federal Trade Commission about steps you can take to avoid identity theft.
 Maryland Office of the Attorney General                   North Carolina Office of the Attorney General
 Consumer Protection Division                              Consumer Protection Division
 200 St. Paul Place                                        9001 Mail Service Center
 Baltimore, MD 21202                                       Raleigh, NC 27699
 1-888-743-0023; www.oag.state.md.us                       1-877-566-7226; www.ncdoj.com

Consulting the Federal Trade Commission:
In addition to your state Attorney General, you can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from
identity theft:
Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Commission 600 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338); www.ftc.gov
