August 11, 2015

Mr./Mrs/ Ms. XXX YYYY
123 Closed Rd
Open City, No State 12345


Dear Mr./Mrs./Ms. XXX YYYY:

We are writing to inform you of an incident involving your personal information. On July 27th.
an email with a copy of your W2 form was inadvertently sent to an employee at Greenlight. The
email and its contents has since been deleted from the respective employee’s mailbox.

As a precautionary measure, we are notifying you so that you may take steps to protect yourself
against misuse of your information in the event it is used. Remember to always carefully review
your financial statements every month to identify any unauthorized transactions. Remain vigilant
over the next 12 to 24 months and promptly report incidents of suspected identity theft or
unauthorized activity to the appropriate law enforcement agency.

To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one (1) year membership of
Experian’s ProtectMyIDTM Elite. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal
information and provides you with superior identity protection services focused on immediate
identification and resolution of identity theft.

Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps:
   • ENSURE That You Enroll By: <Date>
   • Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/enroll or call 877-441-6943 to
       enroll
   • Activation Code (Ms. XXX YYYY): <CODE>

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for
50 leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Surveillance Alerts™ from
ProtectMyID on any key changes in your credit report, a change of address, or if an Internet Scan
detects your information may have been found in an on-line forum where compromised
credentials are traded or sold.

ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect, and
resolve potential identity theft. In the case identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign a
dedicated U.S.-based Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of
fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service. If you have any questions about
ProtectMyID, need help after you enroll understanding something on your credit report, or
suspect an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care
team at 877-441-6943 and provide engagement#: <Engagement Code>

Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:
   • Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
   • Surveillance Alerts:
            o Monitoring daily by the three (3) Credit Bureaus: Alerts you of suspicious activity
               including; new inquiries, newly opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical
               collections found on your Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion credit reports.
            o Internet Scan: Alerts you if your Social Security Number, or Credit and/or Debit
               Card numbers are found on sites where compromised data is found, traded, or
               sold.
            o Change of Address: Alerts you of any changes in your mailing address.
   • Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned
       a dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you
       through the fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
   • Lost Wallet Protection: If you ever misplace or have your wallet stolen, an agent will
       help you cancel your credit, debit, and medical insurance cards.
   • $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance 1: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately
       covered by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including,
       lost wages, private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
Under federal law you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report once a year from
each credit reporting agency. You can obtain your free credit report by visiting
www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 1-877-322-8228.


You also have the right to place an initial fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert lets
creditors know they should contact you before they open a new account in your name. You can
do this by calling any one of the three credit reporting agencies listed below. As a result of
initiating this fraud alert, a free credit report will be sent to you by the credit bureau. The fraud
alert will stay on your account for 90 days. After that, you can renew the alert for an additional
90-day period by calling any one of the three agencies.


1
     Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a
    summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the
    policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be
    available in all jurisdictions.
       Equifax: 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com; P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241
       Experian: 1-888-EXPERIAN (397-3742); www.experian.com; P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013
       TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289; www.transunion.com; Fraud Victim Assistance Division,
       P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790

Special Information for California Residents: Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on
your reports, the California Office of Privacy Protection recommends that you check your credit
reports every three months for the next year. The law allows you to order a free credit report
from each agency every 12 months. You may order one, two, or all three reports at the same
time, or you may stagger your requests during a 12-month period to keep an eye on the accuracy
and completeness of the information in your reports. Just call one of the numbers above to order
your report and keep the “fraud alert” in place. For more information on identity theft, we
suggest that visit their website at www.privacy.ca.gov

For more information on identity theft and how to protect yourself, you can contact the Federal
Trade Commission at 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). The FTC website also has a special
section on identity theft that offers helpful information. That site is:
 http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/index.html.

We have not taken this incident lightly and deeply regret any inconvenience this may have
caused. If you have any questions please contact us at 949-265-4706.


Sincerely,


Carol Anderson
Assistant Vice President – Human Resources
