                                           Reference Guide

We encourage individuals receiving our letter to take the following steps:

Learn about Fake Debt Collectors. You can learn more about how to protect yourself from fake debt
collectors at: www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0258-fake-debt-collectors.

Order Your Free Credit Report. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com,
call toll-free at 1-877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.consumer.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit
Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three consumer reporting
agencies provide free annual credit reports only through the website, toll-free number or request form.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in
the “inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’trequested credit. Some companies
bill under names other than their store or commercial names. The consumer reporting agency will be
able to tell you when that is the case. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in
your information (such as home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not
understand, call the consumer reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this
information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the consumer reporting
agencies of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the
information can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges
you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate consumer reporting agency by telephone and in
writing. Consumer reporting agency staff will review your report with you. If the information can’t be
explained, then you will need to call the creditors involved. Information that can’t be explained also
should be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office because it may signal criminal activity.

Report Incidents. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in a financial account, promptly notify
your payment card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud,
promptly report the incident to law enforcement, the FTC and your state Attorney General. If you
believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends that you take these additional steps:

   •   Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened
       fraudulently. Use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when you
       dispute new unauthorized accounts.
   •   File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors and
       any others that may require proof of the identity theft crime.

You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity
theft and how to repair identity theft:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/




                                                                                       NCANCAS1-0604-481728948-00001-1
For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney
General about steps you can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney
General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For Massachusetts Residents. You have the right to obtain a police report. The consumer reporting
agencies may charge you a fee of up to $5 to place a security freeze on your account, and may require
that you provide certain personal information (such as your name, Social Security number, date of birth,
and address) and proper identification (such as a copy of a government-issued ID card and a bill or
statement) prior to honoring your request. There is no charge, however, to place, lift or remove a
security freeze if you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the consumer reporting
agencies with a valid police report.

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney
General’s Office about preventing identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General
at:
North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov




                                                                                      NCANCAS1-0604-481728948-00001-1
