PO Box 483									January 23, 2012
Chanhassen, MN 55317-9678




[First Name] [Last Name]
[Address1] [Address2]
[City], [State] [Zip]




Dear Valued Customer:

We take our responsibility to protect your personal data very seriously. For this reason, we are writing to inform you that
earlier this month we discovered that an employee of an independent software development consulting firm (contracted
by NYSEG and RG&E) allowed unauthorized access to one of our customer information systems. The customer records
contain Social Security numbers, dates of birth and, in some cases, financial institution account numbers.

While we have no evidence that such data has actually been misused, or that there was any malicious intent,
we are notifying you out of an abundance of caution so that you have the information and tools necessary
to help detect and prevent any misuse of personal information. We have consulted with law enforcement and
engaged computer forensics experts. Our investigation is ongoing and we will continue to provide law enforcement
with our full assistance.

Credit Monitoring Assistance
Above all, we ask you to be vigilant in monitoring your credit and bank accounts for any sign of unauthorized
activity. If you suspect any incidence of identity theft, please contact your local law enforcement agency or the
Federal Trade Commission.

As a precautionary measure, NYSEG and RG&E have arranged for Experian to offer you the option of a year of
credit monitoring free of charge through ProtectMyID™. If you’d like to take advantage of this offer, you must
enroll by April 30, 2012. You can activate your membership in two easy steps:

1.	 Visit the ProtectMyID website: www.protectmyid.com/NYSEGandRGE or call 1.877.736.4495 (toll-free) or
    1.479.573.7373 (for international callers) to enroll.
2.	 Provide Your Activation Code: [ACTIVATION CODE]

Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:
    •	 Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
    •	 Daily Credit Monitoring: Alerts you to suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly-opened
        accounts, delinquencies, or collections found on your Experian credit report. You can elect to receive alerts
        by e-mail, text message, or first class mail.
     •	    Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft as a result of this situation, you will
           be assigned a dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through
           the fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
     •	    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered by a
           $1 million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including lost wages, private investigator
           fees and unauthorized electronic fund transfers in the event of an identity theft incident.

Support
If you have questions, need help enrolling in the credit monitoring program, or feel that you may have an identity
theft issue, assistance is available at 1.877.736.4495 (toll-free) or 1.479.573.7373 (for international callers), Monday
through Friday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. (Eastern Time), and Saturday through Sunday, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m.

In addition, you are entitled under U.S. law to order one free copy of your credit report every 12 months from each
of the three nationwide credit bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call
1.877.322.8228 (toll-free).

Additional information about this matter is available on our websites – www.nyseg.com and www.rge.com.

If you wish to learn more about ways to limit the risk of identity theft, such as fraud monitoring and security freezes
on credit accounts, consider contacting the Federal Trade Commission or your state Attorney General.

Federal Trade Commission:

           600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
           Washington, DC 20580
           1.877.ID.THEFT (1.877.438.4338)
           www.ftc.gov/idtheft

We take pride in serving you and apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this incident may cause. Please be
assured that we take the privacy of customer data very seriously, and we remain dedicated to using our best efforts to
regularly assess and adapt our physical, administrative and technical security measures in order to protect such data.

Sincerely,




Mark S. Lynch
President
NYSEG and RG&E


* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the
actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
