Northern Trust Attachment A
     The Northern Trust Company
     50 South LaSalle Street
     Chicago, Illinois 60603




July [__], 2014

[First Name][Last Name]
[Street Address]
[City], [State] [Zip Code]

Subject: Important Security and Protection Notification Regarding Your Employee Benefits Plan.
After reading this entire letter, if you have any questions, please contact the Experian customer
care team at (866) 579-5479

Dear [Name]:

The Northern Trust Company provides or previously provided payment services for an employee benefits
plan or program in which you participate or participated through [Company Name]. In that capacity,
Northern Trust is responsible for maintaining certain personal information about you as a participant of
that plan. Regrettably, we are writing to inform you about an inadvertent disclosure by Northern Trust of
some of that information. Although we believe that there is minimal risk of misuse of your personal
information due to this inadvertent disclosure now or in the future as described in further detail
below, we are making sure you are fully informed.

As part of normal procedures, Northern Trust sends participant information to record-keeping companies
that assist in administering those benefit plans and programs. In late May, a Northern Trust employee
transmitted a file containing your information to one of our record-keeping companies that was not
responsible for the plan in which you participate(d). The information included your name, address, Social
Security number, and benefits plan or program account number, as well as other information about your
benefits plan or program account, such as your payment/deduction amounts and, in some situations, bank
routing and account numbers used for direct deposits. In compliance with our policy, that file was
transmitted in an encrypted format in order to prevent unauthorized disclosure. The recipient record-
keeping company was authorized to receive this type of data for participants in programs and plans that it
administers for other companies, but not for the particular plan in which you are a participant. The one
employee of the record-keeping company who viewed the information is trained in handling and
protecting personal information, and works with this same type of personal information for other
participants.

Following a comprehensive investigation, we have determined that appropriate steps were taken to protect
the information from misuse. As noted above, only one employee of the record-keeping company viewed
the file. Upon realizing that the encrypted file from Northern Trust contained personal information that
was transmitted in error, the employee promptly notified Northern Trust and followed protocol by
permanently deleting the file. And, as confirmed in a sworn statement, the information was never
forwarded to any other third party and was not retained on the information system of that record-keeper.
We have no indication whatsoever that any of your personal information is at risk of misuse.
Nonetheless, as a courtesy, Northern Trust is offering you one year of free credit monitoring through
Experian's ProtectMyID Alert product. This product monitors your credit accounts for fraud. Enclosed
you will find information on how to begin credit monitoring, including your personal activation code.
You will not need to provide a credit card or sign up for any other service provided by Experian in order
to access this product.

There are also a number of steps you can take to protect yourself, such as placing a freeze on your credit
report or contacting the appropriate authorities if you believe you have been the victim of identity theft.
The enclosed "Identity Theft Protection Tips" describes some of these steps. Of course, it is always
important that you remain vigilant by reviewing your financial account statements and credit reports for
signs of fraud.

We deeply regret this incident and are committed to ensuring that your personal information remains
protected. If you have any questions, please call the Experian customer care team seven days a week
from 9:00am – 9:00pm EST Monday - Friday, and Saturday - Sunday from 11:00am – 8:00pm EST toll
free at (866) 579-5479 or international number (479) 573-7373.

Sincerely,



Stacey C. Bolton
Senior Vice President, Global Compliance




Attachments:    Identity Theft Protection Tips
                Experian ProtectMyID activation information




                                                     2
                               IDENTITY THEFT PROTECTION TIPS

While we believe the risk of identity theft or further disclosure of your personal information is very small,
you should consider taking the following steps to protect yourself and your identity:

    •   Enroll in the Experian ProtectMyID credit monitoring product. As explained above,
        Northern Trust is providing you pre-paid, one-year membership for credit monitoring from
        Experian. See the enclosed information regarding how to activate your membership. Please note
        that the activation code provided is specific to you and should not be shared with anyone. Please
        note also that only you can activate your membership. Northern Trust or your employer cannot
        activate in this product on your behalf.

    •   Place a security freeze or fraud alert on credit files. State laws permit you to place a security
        freeze on your credit files. The purpose of a freeze is to prevent credit cards, loans, or other
        forms of credit from being opened in your name without your permission by restricting access to
        your credit report. Depending on the applicable state laws, there may be a small charge for
        placing a freeze on your credit file.

        You may also elect to place a fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert notifies lenders that
        you may be the victim of identity theft and requires them to take certain verification procedures
        before opening new accounts in your name.

        For more information about placing a security freeze or fraud alert on your credit file, contact the
        following credit reporting agencies:

         Equifax                   Experian                 TransUnion
         PO Box 740256             PO Box 9554              PO Box 6790
         Atlanta, GA 30374         Allen, TX 75013          Fullerton, CA 92834
         www.equifax.com           www.experian.com         www.transunion.com
         800-525-6285              888-397-3742             800-680-7289


    •   Monitor your credit files, bank account statements, credit card statements, etc. closely for
        indications of identity theft or other misuse.


If you believe you are the victim of identity theft, you should contact your local law enforcement and
file a police report. You should also consider contacting the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s identity
theft hotline at (877) 438-4338, or visit https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0277-create-identity-theft-
report to file a report and to obtain more information about combating identity theft. You may also wish
to contact your state Attorney General. Maryland residents can contact their AG at: (410) 576-6566;
North Carolina residents can contact their AG at: (919) 716-6000; contact information for the other
Attorneys General is available at: http://www.naag.org/current-attorneys-general.php.




                                                     3
           How to Activate Pre-Paid 12-Month ProtectMyID Membership with Experian

1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: October 31, 2014 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/alert
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [TO BE INSERTED]

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call Experian customer care team
at (866) 579-5479 and provide engagement # XXXXXX. A credit card is not required for activation.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
contact Experian's customer care team toll free at (866) 579-5479 or international number (479) 573-
7373.




                                                    4
