OCS America, Inc.
49-27 31st St.
Long Island City, NY 11101
Phone: 718-784-6080

John Doe
100 Main Street
Anytown, CA 00000                                                          Code: XXXXXXX

March 12, 2013

Dear John,

On March 4, 2013, OCS America, Inc. discovered that one of its computers may have been
affected by a malicious phishing attack. We are sending you this letter as a cautionary measure
because we believe that certain information about you, which may have included your name,
address, telephone number, date of birth, job title, salary information and Social Security
number, was contained in a file on the computer.

Upon discovering the attack, OCS America immediately took the computer offline, investigated
the attack to confirm that additional computers or network servers were not affected, and reset
applicable passwords to prevent this from happening again. OCS America regrets this incident
and values your privacy. While at this time we have no reason to believe any personal
information was misused, for your protection, we have made arrangements with Experian to
provide, at no cost to you, a 12-month membership to a credit monitoring plan, ProtectMyID
Alert, which will provide you with identity theft protection services. For further information and
assistance, please contact OCS America, attention Human Resources Manager at 718-784-6080.

Additionally, we have enclosed information on steps you can take to further protect your
information, and how to receive free credit monitoring.

OCS America takes this matter very seriously and deeply regrets any inconvenience or concern
that this matter may cause you.

Sincerely,



Yutaka Otake
President


Enclosure
                      Steps You Can Take To Further Protect Your Information

       Review Your Account Statements

As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you review your account statements and credit reports
closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial
institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also should promptly report any
fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your
state attorney general, or the Federal Trade Commission.

       Credit Report Monitoring

You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the 3 major credit reporting agencies once
every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by
completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request form at
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0093-annual-report-request-form.pdf. Or you can elect to
purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies
shown below.

Equifax                             Experian                             TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                      (888) 397-3742                       (800) 916-8800
www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                     www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241                     535 Anton Blvd., Suite 100           P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                   Costa Mesa, CA 92626                 Fullerton, CA 92834

In addition to the services noted above, OCS America has arranged with Experian to provide you with
credit monitoring for one year, at no cost to you. The credit monitoring package provides you with the
identity theft protection services.


To take advantage of this offer, you must enroll within 90 days from receipt of this letter.

Enrollment Directions
To activate your complimentary one year membership in ProtectMyID Alert from Experian, visit the
website, WWW.PROTECTMYID.COM/REDEEM and enter your individual activation code listed at the
top of your letter. If you prefer, you can enroll on the phone by speaking with Experian representatives
toll-free at 877-371-7902.

As soon as you enroll in your complimentary ProtectMyID Alert membership, Experian will begin to
monitor your credit reports. This powerful tool will help you identify potentially fraudulent use of your
information, and provide you with immediate assistance from a dedicated team of fraud resolution
representatives should you ever need help.

You have ninety (90) days to activate this membership, which will then continue for 12 full months.

Once your enrollment in the protection plan is complete, you should carefully review your credit reports
for inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have questions about the protection plan, need help
understanding something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be
fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care at 877-371-7902.
       Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity
theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-
4338).

       Fraud Alert

You may consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. This fraud alert statement informs creditors
of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the
three credit reporting agencies identified above.            Additional information is available at
http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

       Security Freeze

In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new
credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you
initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit
report without your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability
to obtain credit. Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there
may be a fee up to $10 to place, lift, or remove the security freeze; however, this fee may be less in
certain states (in MA, up to $5). In order to place a security free, you may be required to provide the
consumer reporting agency with information that identifies you including your full name, Social Security
number, date of birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued identification card, and
a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement. You must separately place a security freeze on
your credit file with each credit reporting agency.
