October __, 2013


VIA FIRST CLASS MAIL
[ADDRESS]


Dear [FIRST NAME],

         Ouidad is committed to protecting the personal information provided to us by our customers.
Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving some of that information. We only
recently were alerted that our Company was the victim of an illegal data security attack by sophisticated
criminals between the dates of June 30 and July 4, 2013. Based on our ongoing review, we believe that
the attackers gained access to the Ouidad customer database, compromising your Ouidad account
information. We are notifying you so that you can take action along with our efforts to minimize or
eliminate any potential harm.

         It appears the attackers obtained or viewed information about one or more transactions you
completed at Ouidad.com including your first and last name, credit card number, credit card security code
and expiration date, billing address, email address, [user name, password,]* and phone number. We
recommend that you carefully review your credit card statements, account activity, and credit reports to
identify any unauthorized charges and otherwise help protect the security of those accounts. [We have
reset your Ouidad password so you will need to follow our password recovery process to establish a new
password the next time you log on to our site. Additionally, if you use your Ouidad password at other
sites, we recommend you change your password on those sites.]

         Upon learning of this incident, we immediately engaged leading security experts and have already
implemented changes designed to protect your information from any further unauthorized access. Ouidad
deeply values our relationship and the trust you place in us. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience
this attack on our systems may cause you.

         To help monitor any unauthorized activity, we recommend that you obtain a copy of your credit
report, free of charge once every 12 months from the three nationwide credit reporting companies listed
below. To order your annual free credit report, please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at
1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three nationwide credit reporting companies is as follows:

Equifax                                  Experian Security                Trans Union Security
P.O. Box 105788                          P.O. Box 9554                    P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                        Allen, TX 75013                  Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111                           1-888-397-3742                   1-888-909-8872

        Additionally, as a service to our customers, we have arranged for a credit monitoring company to
provide you a free one year membership in the Equifax Credit Watch Gold with Web Detect identity theft
protection monitoring program. This program helps detect possible misuse of your personal information
and provides you with identity protection services focused on identification and resolution of identity
theft. You may sign up for this service by following the instructions in Attachment A. You will be able to
access this offer at no cost to you up until January 15, 2014.

        Again, we would like to stress that Ouidad deeply regrets any inconvenience this attack on our
systems has caused you. We value our relationship with you and your trust in us. We are committed to
providing exceptional service to our customers and are dedicated to delivering the highest quality
products. We are working extremely hard now to implement changes designed to protect your
information from future attacks.

      If you have further questions, additional information is available at
www.ouidad.com/securityalert. We can also be reached toll-free at 888-406-4353.


       Sincerely,

       The Ouidad Customer Service Team



* Bracketed language is included in letters to those customers whose user name and password were
compromised.
                                        Attachment A:

                          Equifax Credit Watch Gold with WebDetect


Consumer Name
Consumer Address
Consumer City, State, Zip Code                             Promotion Code: #############

We have arranged with Equifax Personal Solutions to help you protect your identity and your
credit information at no cost to you. The steps to follow are:
1. Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with WebDetect identity theft protection product.
    This product is being provided to you at no cost for one year.
2. Additionally, you may choose to adopt an increased level of protection by placing a fraud
    alert on your credit file at Equifax and the other two credit reporting agencies

Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with WebDetect
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit
file and help you to understand the content of your Equifax credit file. The key features and
benefits are listed below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring of your Equifax credit report with daily notification of
   key changes to your credit file
o Wireless alerts
o Access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Ability to receive alerts if your Social Security Number or credit card numbers are found on
   Internet trading sites
o $25,000 in identity theft insurance† with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your
   Equifax credit information, to provide personalize identity theft victim assistance and in
   initiating an investigation of inaccurate information
o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal functionality

How to Enroll

To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/goldscan
1. Register: Complete the form with your contact information (name, gender, address, date of
   birth, Social Security Number and telephone number) and click “Continue” button.
   Complete the form with your email address, create a User Name and Password, enter
   Promotion Code provided at the top of your letter in the “Promotion Code” box and agree to
   the Terms of Use. Then click “Accept Terms & Continue” button. This code eliminates the
   need to provide a credit card number for payment. The information is provided in a secured
   environment.
2. Verify ID: The system will then ask you up to four security questions. Please answer the
   questions and click the “Submit Order” button. This is the Equifax Identity Verification
   Process.
3. Order Confirmation: This page shows you your order. Please click the “View my Product”
   button to access the product features.

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors
of possible fraudulent activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. Once the fraud alert is added to your credit report, all
creditors should contact you prior to establishing any account in your name. To place a 90 day
fraud alert on your credit file, log into the Equifax Member Center and click on the fraud alert
tab, visit www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or call our auto fraud line at 1-877-478-7625, and follow
the simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been placed with Equifax, a notification will be
sent to the other two credit reporting agencies, Experian and Trans Union, on your behalf. Fraud
alerts last 90 days unless you manually renew it or use the Automatic Fraud Alert* feature within
your Credit Watch subscription.
† Identity theft insurance is underwritten by subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for
informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies
for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
This product is not intended for minors (under 18 years of age).

∗ The Automatic Fraud Alert feature made available to consumers by Equifax Information Services LLC and fulfilled on its behalf by Equifax
Consumer Services LLC
