                                                                    


February 10, 2015


Dear Team Member:

        We are contacting you to advise you that we have learned of a serious data breach that was discovered last week involving
Anthem Inc. (“Anthem”) whom Packers Sanitation Services, Inc. (“PSSI”) utilized for its health plan insurance until December
31, 2013. We have been informed that your personal information, along with any beneficiaries of the plan (e.g., your spouse
and/or children enrolled in the plan), may have been in Anthem’s database which was compromised.

          The breach involved hackers who targeted the nation’s second-largest health insurance company, Anthem. According to
Anthem, the hackers gained unauthorized access to Anthem’s computer system and were able to obtain the following information:
names, birthdays, medical IDs, social security numbers, street addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers and employment
information, including income data. The affected database had records for approximately 80 million people in it, but Anthem is
still investigating to determine how many were impacted. Anthem believes that no credit card information, diagnosis and
treatment data was obtained by the hackers.

         Anthem is working with law enforcement and forensic investigators to conduct a thorough review of the potentially
affected records. Anthem has informed us that all impacted PSSI employees will receive notification in the mail within the next
two weeks advising of the protections being offered by Anthem. Such protections will include identity repair services and/or
credit monitoring for impacted members. Anthem is also warning members to be wary of scam email campaigns designed to
capture personal information (known as “phising”) designed to appear as if they are from Anthem – these emails are not from
Anthem.

        We are notifying you so that you can take action which will assist to minimize or eliminate potential harm. We strongly
advise you to take preventive measures to help prevent and detect any misuse of your information.

         As a first step, we recommend that you closely monitor your financial accounts and if you see any unauthorized activity,
you should promptly contact your financial institution. Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your initial credit
reports, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recommends that you check your credit reports periodically. A victim’s personal
information is sometimes held for use or shared among a group of thieves at different times. If you see any unauthorized activity,
we suggest that you submit a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission by calling 1.877.438.8228 (I.877.IDTHEFT) or
online at www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov.

         As a second step, you may want to contact the three U.S. credit reporting agencies (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion)
to obtain a free credit report from each by calling 1.877.322.8228 or by logging onto www.annualcreditreport.com. The credit
reporting agencies contact information is as follows: (1) Equifax – 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com, P.O. Box 740256,
Atlanta, GA 30374; (2) Experian – 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013; (3) TransUnion – 1-
800-888-4213, www.transunion.com, P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022.

         As a third step, you may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and will
stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and
requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accountings in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit
report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies using the contact information below:

         We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience this incident has caused you. If you have further questions or concern,
please visit www.anthemfacts.com where you and other members can access information such as frequent questions and answers
or you may contact Anthem’s specifically created hotline at 1-877-263-7995.

Sincerely,

Packers Sanitation Services, Inc.
Benefits Department
1-608-568-3413
