[Recipient’s address to be inserted]

Sent by First-Class U.S. Mail.


Subject: Perspectives’ Notification of Database Breach

Dear Friends,

As you may know, the Perspectives National Office has been investigating a breach of online
security, which led us to temporarily close down payment options on the Perspectives website
over the last few weeks. I first want to acknowledge how frustrating this has been for everyone
including students, coordinators and other team members, especially as it came right in the
middle of spring registrations – one of our busiest times of the year.

Here is a summary of what happened and what it means for you and others in our ministry.

        In September 2014, the Perspectives class site experienced a criminal database attack
         which took the form of an unauthorized advertising attack. These advertisements were
         hidden in our class site to the public viewer and were most likely used to gain greater
         search engine page ranking for other websites. You may have noticed suspicious
         advertisements for "abortion pills" on certain portions of our website which can, potentially,
         be electronically malicious if clicked. Perspectives leadership learned of the breach in
         January 2015.
        The data breach was due to a vulnerability in the class portion of the Perspectives website
         only. While our system was encrypted to the level of major financial institutions for
         transmission of financial data before the attack, we've since increased our encryption level.
        During the data breach, the attacker had access to our database. While our data forensic
         research has found no indication the attacker actually retrieved any personal financial
         information, we have been progressive and treated this incident as if data may have been
         compromised. Our database contained eCheck information of website transactions (there
         was no usable credit card information in the database).
        We are confident that our IT team has remedied the vulnerabilities and has secured our
         systems to industry standards or greater.
        During this process, we shut down some functionality on the website to further protect any
         new financial identity information until the class application portion of the Perspectives site
         was secured.
        At this time we don't believe users need to take extra security measures beyond normal
         vigilance and safeguards that all internet users should follow, such as having current
         website browsers and updated antivirus software.
        For those who made online eCheck payments, it is suggested that you contact your
         financial institutions to ask what they advise to protect your account and financial
         information generally.

Our developers and IT team first noticed the data anomalies and advised leadership of a breach in
89030/000003/01075324-1
mid January of this year. Perspectives leadership has implemented certain actions, in addition to
this notice, to enhance security for our systems, including:


        Further long term security enhancements to the site and system security.
        Run regular vulnerability testing.
        Reconstruct our production database data to remedy any data that may have lost its
         integrity due to the database breach.
        Report to, and work with, law enforcement in pursuing the website attacker, as appropriate
         or as required by law.

If you have further questions regarding the database breach, please contact:

        Technical Questions: support@perspectives.org
        Financial specific question: finance@perspectives.org
        General Question: info@perspectives.org
        In Writing: Perspectives Study Program, Attn: Mike Bain -Director of Operations,1605 E.
         Elizabeth St., Pasadena, CA 91104
        To leave a voicemail for a return phone call: 626-398-2194

Also, a more detailed explanation of the efforts that were implemented in response to the website
breach is available at www.perspectives.org\breach-faq or by contacting any of the
aforementioned contacts.

Again I acknowledge and apologize for the inconvenience and difficulty this has caused our
Perspectives family. It's my belief that the enemy of God's purposes is active against this ministry
because of the strategic and fruitful nature of what we do. We move forward with confidence and
anticipation of what the Lord will accomplish through Perspectives this semester and beyond!

With Hope,



James Mason
National Director – Perspectives USA




89030/000003/01075324-1
