Subject Line: Peter Michael Winery / Information Security Breach

Dear [Name],

Regretfully, we are writing to inform you that our third party e-commerce vendor experienced a security
breach of its system, and as a result, your personal information and credit/debit card information,
stored on their server may have been accessed by an unauthorized party. Because our vendor is used
widely in the wine industry, you may also be hearing from other wineries whose data was similarly
affected.

Peter Michael Winery recognizes the importance of confidentiality regarding your personal information.
We value the trust you place in us, and we are deeply sorry for any inconvenience this incident has
caused. We are taking this matter very seriously and are working with our vendor to ensure that
significant security measures are installed to safeguard your information before the upcoming fall wine
release.

The Details:
On May 27, 2015, our e-commerce vendor notified us that an intruder breached its data systems on
April 12, 2015 and may have had access to the personal information of our customers in its database.
While the vendor is continuing to investigate, it has informed us that it appears that the intruder might
have gained access to customer names, credit/debit card numbers, related payment addresses, and
dates of birth. Neither we, nor our vendor, collect social security numbers or debit card PINS.

The vendor immediately notified law enforcement of the attack and is cooperating with their
investigation. Additionally, the vendor notified the payment processors handling the winery’s
transactions. The payment processors, in turn, have notified the credit card companies and issuing
banks. As a result, you may have already been contacted by your credit card company or received a new
card in the mail.

Our Response:
Our e-commerce vendor has informed us that it is implementing enhanced security measures designed
to prevent a recurrence of this type of incident. As an additional precaution, we have removed all
customer credit card numbers from the vendor’s database until such security measures are in place. At
this time, we have deferred the fall release date to the latter part of July, but we will keep you informed.

What You Should Do:
While we do not know for certain that your information was accessed or misused, out of an abundance
of caution, we recommend that you review the information provided in this letter for steps to help
protect your personal information.

    1. We urge you to remain vigilant against threats of identity theft or fraud, and to regularly review
       your credit card statements and credit reports for any unauthorized activity.

    2. If you suspect that you are a victim of identity theft or fraud, you have the right to file a police
       report. In addition, you may contact your State Attorney General’s office or the Federal Trade
       Commission to learn about the steps you can take to protect yourself against identity theft.
    3. Be alert to “phishing” by someone who acts like a colleague or friend and requests sensitive
       information over email, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account numbers.
       We will NOT ask for this type of sensitive information over email.

    4. As a precaution, we have arranged for you, at your option, to enroll in 12-month identity theft
       protection service offered by Kroll Information Assurance, Inc. at no cost to you. Visit
       www.krollbreach.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions to take advantage
       of your Identity Theft Protection Services. Membership number: <<Member ID>>

Please also refer to the Identity Theft Resources Guide attached to this letter for additional resources.

Thank you for taking the time to read this e-mail. To ensure that you have received this information we
will also send a paper copy in a few days via US mail. We value the trust you place in us and we are
committed to keeping the information you share with us secure. Please feel free to contact us directly if
you have any questions or concerns.

Sincerely,




Tom Eakin, General Manager and
The Peter Michael Winery Sales & Marketing Team

1-800-354-4459
retail@petermichaelwinery.com


Please DO NOT respond to this email notice with sensitive personal information such as your
credit card number. Peter Michael Winery will never ask you to provide these details in an
email.
                           IDENTITY THEFT RESOURCES GUIDE – UNITED STATES

For Residents of Illinois, Iowa, Maryland and North Carolina: For information about fraud alerts,
security freezes, and steps you can take to protect against identity theft, contact the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission (see contact information below), or as applicable:

  Iowa’s Office of the Attorney General: 1305 E. Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA 50319; Tel: (515) 281-
  5164; or Visit www.iowa.gov/government/ag. State law advises you to report any suspected identity
  theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.

  Maryland’s Office of the Attorney General: 200 Saint Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202; Tel: (410) 576-
  6300; or Visit: www.oag.state.md.us

  North Carolina’s Attorney General’s Office: 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001; Tel:
  (919) 716-6400; Fax: (919) 716-6750; or Visit: http://www.ncdoj.com


U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC): The FTC has helpful information about how to avoid identity
theft and other steps that consumers can take to protect themselves.
Write to: Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, H-130, Washington, D.C. 20580
  Call Toll-Free: 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338); or Visit: http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft


If you are a Massachusetts Resident: Under Massachusetts law, you have the right to obtain a police
report in regard to this incident. If you are the victim of identity theft, you also have the right to file a
police report and obtain a copy of it. Massachusetts law also allows consumers to place a security
freeze on their credit reports. Please see below to learn how.


Free Annual Credit Report: You may obtain a free copy of your credit report once every 12 months and
may purchase additional copies of your credit report. Call Toll-Free: 1-877-322-8228; or Visit:
https://www.annualcreditreport.com; or Contact any one or more of the national consumer reporting
agencies:
  Equifax:      P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241 (800) 685-1111        www.equifax.com
  Experian:     P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013              (888) 397-3742    www.experian.com
  TransUnion: P. O. Box 1000, Chester, PA 19022             (800) 888-4213
                www.transunion.com


“Fraud Alerts” and “Security Freezes”

    Fraud Alert - You may have the right to place a fraud alert in your file to alert potential creditors that
you may be a victim of identity theft. Creditors must then follow certain procedures to protect you;
therefore, a fraud alert may delay your ability to obtain credit. An “initial fraud alert” stays in your file
for at least 90 days. An “extended fraud alert” stays in your file for 7 years, and will require an identity
theft report (usually, a filed police report). You may place a fraud alert by calling any one of the three
national consumer reporting agencies:
  Equifax: 1-800-525-6285         Experian: 1-888-397-3742        TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289

Security Freeze – Some US state law, including in Massachusetts, provide the right to place a security
freeze on your credit file, which prevents credit, loans and services from being approved in your name
without your consent. Using a freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit.

     To place a freeze, send a request by mail to each consumer reporting agency (addresses below)
with the following (if you are requesting a credit report for your spouse, this information must be
provided for him/her as well): (1) Full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security
Number; (3) Date of Birth; (4) proof of current address (such as a utility bill or telephone bill) and list
of any previous addresses for the past five years; (5) copy of a government issued identity card, and
(6) copy of police report, investigative report or complaint to law enforcement regarding identity
theft. The consumer reporting agency may charge a fee up to $5.00 to place, lift, and/or remove a
freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim, and you have submitted a
valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.

    The consumer reporting agencies have three business days after receiving your letter to place a
security freeze on your credit report. The credit bureaus must also send written confirmation to you
within five business days and provide you with a unique PIN or password that can be used by you to
authorize the removal or lifting of the security freeze.

      To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access to your credit
report, you must call or send a written request to the consumer reporting agencies by mail and
include proper identification (name, address, and SSN) and the PIN number or password provided to
you when you placed the security freeze as well as the identities of those entities or individuals you
would like to receive your credit report or the specific period of time you want the credit report
available. The consumer reporting agencies have three business days after receiving your request to
lift the security freeze for those identified entities or specified period of time.

    To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit
bureaus by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and SSN) and the PIN number or
password provided to you when you placed the security freeze. The credit bureaus have three
business days after receiving your request to remove the freeze.

  Equifax Security Freeze: P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, Georgia 30348

  Experian Security Freeze: P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013

  TransUnion (Fraud Victim Assistance Division): P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
