                                                                    Your identity is protected.
                                                                    If you suspect identity theft, simply call
                                                                    1.855.731.6013 and AllClear ID will work to
      Processing Center · P.O. Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024         recover financial losses and restore your credit.
                                                                    No sign-up required. This letter is your proof
                                                                    of identity protection coverage for the next
                                                                    18 months.




        John Q Sample
        123 Main Street
        Anytown, US 12345-6789




Dear John Q Sample,

We are writing to let you know that, on April 3, 2013, we learned that a temporary worker placed at a PHH
Corporation (“PHH”) location had been indicted in connection with identity fraud unrelated to the work
performed at PHH. The individual is no longer working at PHH. Because the temporary worker had access
to personal information of certain PHH current and former employees and applicants, we promptly initiated a
review of the individual’s access to this information. We are cooperating with law enforcement authorities to
investigate the issue.

Based on our analysis, the temporary worker may have accessed (while performing normal job
responsibilities) personal information including names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates
of birth, Social Security numbers, I-9 alien registration numbers and ID numbers assigned to employees by
PHH. Not all of these data elements were present in each personnel record. Based on our investigation, we
have no evidence that the temporary worker misused the data. Because your personal information was
contained in the personnel records to which this person had access, we wanted to advise you of the situation
so you can take steps to help protect your information. We also think it prudent to offer you identity
protection services at no charge to you through AllClear ID. These services will be available to you until
November 15, 2014. We encourage you to avail yourself of these services.

We take our obligation to safeguard your personal information very seriously. We continue to take steps to
help prevent this type of incident from reoccurring, including enhancing some of our policies surrounding

                                                                                                                              *0104000000*
temporary employees and access to data. We encourage you to read the attached Reference Guide, which
provides details on how to sign up for the identity protection services and other steps you may wish to
consider, including recommendations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on the protection of your
personal information.

We encourage you to remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and monitoring your free credit
                                                                                                                        0104000000




reports. You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three national
credit bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free at
1-877-322-8228. You may also wish to place a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit file.
If you have any further questions, please call 1-855-731-6013 from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time, Monday through Saturday. Please note that the assistance line temporarily will be unavailable on
Saturday, May 18, 2013 from 1:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.

Again, we regret any concern this event may cause you. Please know that we continue to take steps to help
protect your personal information.

Sincerely,



Glen A. Messina
President and CEO
PHH Corporation
                                              Reference Guide

We encourage individuals receiving PHH’s letter to take the following steps:

Register for Identity Protection Services. As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID
protect your identity for 18 months at no cost to you. The following identity protection services start on the
date of this notice and you can use them at any time during the next 18 months.

AllClear SECURE: You are automatically eligible to use this service – there is no action required on your
part. If a problem arises, simply call 1-855-731-6013 and a dedicated investigator will assist you to help
recover financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is restored.

AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1
million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide certain information
to AllClear ID and use the following redemption code 9999999999. You may sign up online at
enroll.allclearid.com, by postal mail using the enclosed mail-in registration form, or by phone at
1-855-731-6013. Additional steps may be required by you to activate your phone alerts and monitoring
options. Mailed registrations may take up to 10 business days before the registration is received and you are
able to log in to your account.

Order Your Free Credit Report. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call
toll-free at 1-877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O.
Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three credit bureaus provide free annual credit reports only
through the website, toll-free number or request form.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the
“inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill
under names other than their store or commercial names. The credit bureau will be able to tell you when that
is the case. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as
home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit bureau
at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign of possible identity
theft. You should notify the credit bureaus of any inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud,
as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and, if found to be in error, corrected. If there are
accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate credit bureau by telephone and
in writing. Credit bureau staff will review your report with you. If the information can’t be explained, then

                                                                                                                         *0204000000*
you will need to call the creditors involved. Information that can’t be explained also should be reported to
your local police or sheriff’s office because it may signal criminal activity.

Contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in your financial
account, promptly notify your payment card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of
identity theft or fraud, promptly report the incident to your local law enforcement authorities, your state
                                                                                                                   0204000000




Attorney General and the FTC. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends that you
take these additional steps:

   ·   Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened
       fraudulently. Use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when you dispute
       new unauthorized accounts.
   ·   File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors and any
       others that may require proof of the identity theft crime.
You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity
theft:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/

Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing
a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief
opening new credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying
for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies
the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a fraud alert on your credit
report by calling any one of the toll-free numbers provided below. You will reach an automated telephone
system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three credit bureaus.




Place a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a “security freeze” (also known as a
“credit freeze”) on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from
accessing your credit file at the credit bureaus without your consent. There may be fees for placing, lifting,
and/or removing a security freeze, which generally range from $5-$20 per action. Unlike a fraud alert, you
must place a security freeze on your credit file at each credit bureau individually. For more information on
security freezes, you may contact the three nationwide credit bureaus or the FTC as described above. Since
the instructions for establishing a security freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three nationwide
credit bureaus to find out more information.

The credit bureaus may require proper identification prior to honoring your request. For example, you may
be asked to provide:

   ·   Your full name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, III)
   ·   Your Social Security number
   ·   Your date of birth
   ·   Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill)
   ·   Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
   ·   A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver’s license or military
       ID card)
For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General
about steps you can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For Massachusetts Residents. The credit bureaus may charge you a fee of up to $5 to place a security
freeze on your account, and may require that you provide certain personal information (such as your name,
Social Security number, date of birth, and address) and proper identification (such as a copy of a
government-issued ID card and a bill or statement) prior to honoring your request. There is no charge,
however, to place, lift or remove a security freeze if you provide the credit bureaus with a valid police report.
You have the right to obtain a police report if you are the victim of identity theft.

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney General’s
Office about preventing identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:

North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov




                                                                                                                          *0304000000*
                                                                                                                    0304000000
You do not need to complete this form if you register online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone at (855) 731-6013.




  John Q Sample
  123 Main Street
  Anytown, US 12345-6789
                                                                                                       REDEMPTION CODE: 9999999999




                                                                                                                                       *0404000000*
                                                                                                                                 0404000000
