                                 SECURITY BREACH NOTICE


Dear Valued reuseit.com Customer:

As we progress into the new millennium, in addition to unprecedented technological marvels,
innovation of new technologies and methods of communication also offer those with dishonest
intent new methods of intrusion into our private affairs or ways of stealing personal information.

Accordingly, we have, as have many e-commerce companies (and indeed all retailers) faced
the increasingly difficult battle of keeping our customers’ personal and financial information
secure from a virtual army of hackers. However, despite having taken industry standard – and
strenuous – efforts to secure your personal information, we must unfortunately inform you that
your personal data may have been affected by a hacking incident at our website.

In order to avoid encouraging any repeats of this terrible incident, we cannot provide you much
detail in this notice. The data breach occurred from August 22 – September 28, 2011 and
stemmed from an intruder gaining unauthorized access to our system. They were able to
intercept portions of personal information as it was entered into our site. One thousand of our
valued customers were affected, and we have taken corrective action to prevent such intrusions
from occurring in the future.

The fact that you are receiving this message does not mean that all of the personal information
you provided was compromised. The extent to which you were affected may be limited.
However, in some cases, the following categories of personal information may have been
compromised: login, password, and credit card data.

We care deeply about protecting your personal information, and are extremely sorry to have to
provide you this notice. We are pleased to offer you a free credit monitoring service, at our cost,
as detailed on the attached Rider. We encourage you to take advantage of this service and to
monitor your credit, and your credit card statements, very closely.

For more information regarding what else you can do to protect yourself, please see the
attached Rider. You may also contact us at security@reuseit.com.

Thank you for your business, and please accept our sincerest apology for this incident.

Sincerely,

Vincent Cobb
CEO
reuseit.com
