                                                                                                 18711 South Broadwick Street
                                                                                                 Rancho Dominguez, CA 90220
                                                                                                 www.nextdayflyers.com




June 6, 2012


       83917LV1-0123456 T-
       SAMPLE A SAMPLE
       123 ANY ST
       APT ABC
       ANYTOWN, PA 12345
       FATTTTDDADTFFAADFFDTTATTTDTFDFATTFDDFAATTAFFAAFTDAFTTFTDDAADTAAAA




Next Day Flyers is committed to delivering top-quality printed marketing materials to all businesses,
no matter their size, with one of the fastest turnaround times in the industry. In connection with best
serving our customers, we recognize the importance of, and are highly committed to, securing the
privacy and confidentiality of the personal information provided to us. Regrettably, we are writing
to inform you of an incident involving that information.


On April 2, 2012, we discovered an electronic file on our system that was storing transaction
information, including the name, address, e-mail address, and credit card information for customers
who placed orders through our website between March 23, 2012 and April 2, 2012. We do not know
if any unauthorized person accessed this file or how the file was created, but we detected the file
near the time an unauthorized person was tring to disrupt traffic to our website. We removed the file
immediately, and we updated our system to guard against a similar event in the future and prevent
transaction information from being copied to a temporary file.


Out of an abundance of caution, we are notifying you of the incident and have arranged for your
self-enrollment, in a one-year membership in ProtectMyIDTM Alert from Experian. At no cost to
you, this will provide comprehensive credit monitoring capabilities and identity-theft insurance.
You can enroll in ProtectMyID.com without affecting your credit score. The steps and process for
signing up for this service are included with this letter.


Even if you choose not to take advantage of this free credit monitoring service, we recommend that
you remain vigilant to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit report and
credit card, bank, and other financial statements for any unauthorized activity. You may also obtain
a copy of your credit report, free of charge, once every 12 months from each of the three nationwide
credit reporting companies. To order your annual free credit report please visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three
nationwide credit reporting companies is as follows:


         Equifax                            Experian                       TransUnion
         PO Box 740256                      PO Box 9554                    PO Box 6790
         Atlanta, GA 30374                  Allen, TX 75013                Fullerton, CA 92834
         www.equifax.com                    www.experian.com               www.transunion.com
         1-800-525-6285                     1-888-397-3742                 1-800-680-7289



                                                                (over please)
                                                                                                                   83917-LV1
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information
has been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the
attorney general’s office in your home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission
is as follows:


         Federal Trade Commission
         600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
         Washington, DC 20580
         www.ftc.gov
         1-877-438-4338


You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity
theft as well as information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your
local law enforcement authorities and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case
you are asked to provide copies to creditors to correct your records.


We want to assure you that we are committed to the security of your personal information and are
taking this matter very seriously. We have conducted a comprehensive internal review of our
practices and procedures and updated our system protections to prevent this from happening again.
If you have any questions, please call   1-855-770-0005 Monday through Friday between 8:00 a.m.
and 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time and enter the reference code  7678053012 when prompted.

Sincerely,




David Handmaker
Chief Executive Officer
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s
ProtectMyIDTM Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides
you with superior identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity
theft.

                                  Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: August 31, 2012
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 877-371-7902 to enroll
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: ABCDEFGHIJKL
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50 leading
indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Surveillance Alerts™ from ProtectMyID on any key
changes in your credit report, a change of address, or if an Internet Scan detects that your information may
have been found in an online forum where compromised credentials are traded or sold.
ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and resolve
potential identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign a dedicated
U.S.-based Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution from
start to finish for seamless service.
                       Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:
     ®    Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
     ®    Surveillance Alerts
             · Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new
                   inquiries, newly opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your
                   Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion credit reports
               ·   Internet Scan: Alerts you if your Social Security Number or Credit and/or Debit Card
                   numbers are found on sites where compromised data is found, traded or sold.
               ·   Change of Address: Alerts you of any changes in your mailing address.
     ®    Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
          dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the fraud
          resolution process, from start to finish.
     ®    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered by
          a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages, private
          investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                    Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                    or call 877-371-7902 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact
Experian’s customer care team at 877-371-7902.
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description herein is a
   summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
   described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all
   jurisdictions. Please see http://www.experian.com/data-breach/client-terms.html for full terms and conditions.


                                                                                                                               83917-LV1
