 
From: REI [mailto:REI_Coop_Membership@notices.rei.com]
Sent: Friday, July 25, 2014 4:45 PM
To: [Name]
Subject: Unauthorized Access to Personal Data on REI.com - Action Required




            July 25, 2014

            Dear Valued Members and Customers,

            On July 23, REI discovered that a third-party may have accessed your account without
            authorization, having apparently obtained your email address and password from a
            security breach at a site or service unassociated with REI and unknown to the co-op.
            Between July 4 and 18, the user was able to confirm your log-in credentials at REI.com
            and access the following information in your account—your billing and shipping
            address, order history, and dividend amount. This type of illegal activity often results
            from consumers using the same user ID and password combination across multiple
            websites or applications.

            We take these issues very seriously and we are working quickly to address and
            resolve this situation.

            What we know at this time:
              • Your email address and password were used to access your stored account
                information on REI.com.
              • REI’s fraud systems detected a pattern of apparently fraudulent activity originating
                from overseas IP addresses. The activity involved a small number of
                REI.com accounts.
              • We have no evidence that our networks and systems were breached or that our
                password files were compromised.

            Out of an abundance of caution, REI reset your password. We also deleted any stored
            credit card information, even though on REI.com we retain only the last four digits of
            that information in our system.

            We are notifying you of this incident promptly so that you can take additional action to
            prevent unauthorized use of your account or information stored there.

            Preventative steps you should take:
               • Create a new secure password, as instructed below.
                                                            1
            • Immediately report any suspicious activity on your account to REI and your credit
              card company.
            • You should also change your password on any other site or service for which you
              use the same password.

        You can reset your account password by copying and pasting
        https://www.rei.com/ResetYourPassword into your browser’s address bar or through
        the following steps:

            1.   Visit www.rei.com.
            2.   Select the "Log In" link in the upper right corner of REI.com.
            3.   Select the "Forgot your password?" link above the orange log in button.
            4.   Enter your email address and select the "send password" button.
            5.   An email will be sent with further instructions on how to reset your password.

        We also encourage you more generally to take measures to protect your personal
        information in your online accounts. Among those measures are:
            • Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help
              prevent malware and viruses.
            • Reset your e-mail account password.
            • Use complex passwords (a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive
              characters).
            • Do not use the same password on more than one website.
            • Do not share passwords with others.
            • Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and cannot be
              accessed by another user on the same computer, especially when using a public
              computer or terminal.
            • Visit this additional resource: http://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/tips/ST04-002


        If you have further questions about this incident, please contact us at privacy@rei.com
        or 1-800-426-4840. Our contact center is available Monday through Sunday, 4 a.m. to
        11 p.m. Pacific Time.

        Thank you for your attention to this important security information. We appreciate your
        vital assistance in securing your personal information. It is a privilege to be a resource
        for your outdoor adventures and we appreciate your continued patronage.

        Sincerely yours,




        Jerry Stritzke
        REI President and CEO




July 25, 2014
This email was sent to [email address].

For information about our privacy practices, see our Privacy Policy.

Have a question, comment, concern or compliment?
We'll respond quickest if you call 1-800-426-4840, email or write to REI Membership


                                                                       2
Services at REI, 6750 S. 228th St., Kent, WA 98032.




                                                      3
