****************SINGLE-PIECE                                        1
                                                                    1
                                                                        1
                                                                                            January 23, 2012
John Q Sample
Jane Sample
123 Main Street
Suite 123
Anytown US 12345-6789
FDDAATTFDDTDTFFTAAADFTDAFAAAFAFAATDDTDFDFDTAADTTAAFFFTDDTATFDDTFA


Dear John Sample,

At Regions, one of our core values is to do what is right, not only for our customers and shareholders, but also
for our valued associates both past and present. For that reason, I am writing to let you know about a recent
situation involving one of our service providers that affects some of your personal information.

Ernst & Young serves as the audit firm for Regions’ 401(k) plan. Recently, Ernst & Young mailed to one of its
other offices a flash drive containing an electronic file that included your name and Social Security number and
possibly your date of birth. When the package arrived at its destination, the package had an opening and the
flash drive was missing. At this time, we have no indication that any fraud has occurred due to this situation.

Regions takes the security and privacy of personal information very seriously and, while the incident was not
due to any error on Regions’ part, I want you to know that our primary concern is for your well-being and
peace of mind. Enclosed with this letter is a separate notice from Ernst & Young with more details about the
incident as well as some important tips for protecting yourself, including information about how to get free
credit monitoring for one year. I want to encourage you to read the notice carefully and hope you will consider
taking advantage of the credit monitoring offer.

We sincerely regret any inconvenience you may encounter as a result of this incident, and I want to assure you
we are working closely with Ernst & Young to try to make things right for you. If you have any questions after
reading the enclosed notice, Ernst & Young has set up a call center to help answer them. You may call them at
(866) 385-0600 (outside the U.S. or Canada: (201) 872-0966).

As always, thank you for your service to Regions.

Sincerely,




David R. Keenan
Human Resources Director
John Q Sample                                                                    January 23, 2012
Jane Sample
123 Main Street
Suite 123
Anytown US 12345-6789
FDDAATTFDDTDTFFTAAADFTDAFAAAFAFAATDDTDFDFDTAADTTAAFFFTDDTATFDDTFA


Dear John Sample,

In relation to an annual audit of Regions Financial Corporation’s 401(k) plan, Ernst & Young LLP recently
mailed to another Ernst & Young office a USB flash drive (also known as a thumb drive) containing a file with
some of your personal information. The information may have included your name, Social Security number
and date of birth. When the package arrived at its destination on November 18, 2011, the flash drive was
missing. While the device was encrypted, the decryption password was inadvertently included inside the
package. The password was still in the package when it arrived. Since this occurred, we have been
investigating the matter, reconstructing the data and determining which individuals may have been affected.

Ernst & Young takes the security and privacy of personal information very seriously, as does Regions, and
we deeply regret that this incident occurred. Ernst & Young is taking steps to prevent this issue from
reoccurring, including providing additional training to the Ernst & Young team that works with Regions
regarding the proper handling of confidential information.

Although we have no reason at this time to believe your information has been accessed inappropriately or
will be misused, we want to provide the following information to help you protect yourself:

•     We have arranged to provide credit monitoring for one year at no charge to you. To obtain this credit
      monitoring, you must enroll before June 30, 2012. Once enrolled, you will receive communications
      detailing any key changes to your credit reports from all three major U.S. credit bureaus. To enroll in
      this credit monitoring service, please visit the web address below and enter the code provided. You will
      be instructed on how to initiate your online membership. If you do not have Internet access, please call
      (866) 252-0121.

            Web site for enrollment: http://partner.consumerinfo.com/ey
            Your Credit Monitoring Code: EY9999999

•     In addition, upon your request, the three major U.S. credit bureaus can place a "fraud alert" on your file
      that alerts creditors to take additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name.
      There is no charge for this service. However, because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to
      protect you, it may delay your ability to obtain credit in some circumstances. You may initiate a fraud
      alert for all three major bureaus by contacting any one of them at the following numbers or websites:

            Experian   (888) 397-3742                      www.experian.com
            Equifax    (800) 525-6285                      www.equifax.com
            TransUnion (800) 680-7289                      www.transunion.com
•   We encourage you to remain vigilant for incidents of fraud or identity theft by reviewing your account
    statements and monitoring your free credit reports. You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit
    report annually from each of the three major credit bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit
    www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free (877) 322-8228.

•   For additional information on how to further protect yourself against identify theft, you may visit the
    U.S. Federal Trade Commission's website at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.

•   The attached Reference Guide provides details on these and other steps you may wish to consider.

Ernst & Young has established a toll-free help line at (866) 385-0600 (outside the U.S. or Canada: (201)
872-0966), to assist you with questions you may have related to this incident. The help line will be staffed
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central Time, Monday through Friday, from now until March 31, 2012. If you call after
hours, please leave a message and we will call you back the next business day.

Again, we deeply regret any inconvenience or concern this incident may cause you.

Sincerely,




Jeffrey R. Hoops
Partner
Ernst & Young LLP
Chief Privacy Officer
Reference guide
We encourage individuals receiving Ernst & Young LLP’s letter dated January 23, 2012, to take the following steps:

Order Your Free Credit Report. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at
877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s
(“FTC”) website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA
30348-5281. Please note the credit reporting agencies provide free annual credit reports only through the
website, toll-free number or request form listed above.

When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the “inquiries”
section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Be aware that some companies bill under
names other than their store or commercial names. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies
in your information (such as home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not understand,
call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning
sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the credit reporting agencies of any inaccuracies in your report,
whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and, if found to be in
error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate credit
reporting agency and relevant creditor(s) by telephone and in writing. Information that can’t be explained also
should be reported to your local police or sheriff’s office because it may signal criminal activity.

Contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. You can use the following information to contact the FTC to learn
more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft:

Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/

If you detect any unauthorized transactions in your financial account(s), promptly notify the relevant payment card
company or financial institution. If you believe you may be the victim of identity theft, promptly report the incident
to your local law enforcement authorities or your state Attorney General, and the FTC. The FTC recommends that
identity theft victims take these additional steps:

•   Close the accounts that you believe or have confirmed have been tampered with or opened fraudulently. You
    may use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when you dispute unauthorized
    accounts or account activity.
•   File a local police report. Make copies of the police report to submit to creditors or other entities that may
    require proof of the identity theft crime.

Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud
alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit
accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, a fraud alert
informs the merchant that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take
steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a fraud alert by using the contact information provided
below. Once you place a fraud alert on your credit file with one credit reporting agency, the alert will be forwarded
to the other two agencies. You do not need to place fraud alerts with each of the three credit reporting agencies
separately. For more information on fraud alerts, you may contact the credit reporting agencies or the FTC.
Equifax          Equifax Information Services LLC          800-525-6285            www.equifax.com
                 P.O. Box 105069
                 Atlanta, GA 30348-5069
Experian         P.O. Box 9532                             888-397-3742            www.experian.com
                 Allen, Texas 75013

TransUnion       Fraud Victim Assistance Division          800-680-7289            www.transunion.com
                 P.O. Box 6790
                 Fullerton, California 92834-6790

Place a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a “security freeze” (also known as a “credit
freeze”) on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit
file at the credit reporting agencies without your consent. There may be fees for placing, lifting or removing a
security freeze, which generally range from $5-$20 per action. Unlike a fraud alert, you must place a security freeze
on your credit file at each credit reporting agency individually. Since the instructions for establishing a security
freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three national credit reporting agencies or the FTC for more
information.

Equifax          P.O. Box 105788                           877-478-7625           www.equifax.com
                 Atlanta, Georgia 30348
Experian         P.O. Box 9554                             888-397-3742           www.experian.com
                 Allen, Texas 75013
TransUnion       Fraud Victim Assistance Division          888-909-8872           www.transunion.com
                 P.O. Box 6790
                 Fullerton, California 92834

The credit reporting agencies may require proper identification prior to honoring your request to place a security
freeze on your credit file. For example, you may be asked to provide:
• Your full name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, III)
• Your Social Security number
• Your date of birth
• Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill)
• Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
• A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver’s license or military ID card)

For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General about steps
you can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
888-743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
410-576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us

For Massachusetts Residents. The credit reporting agencies may charge you a fee of up to $5 to place a security
freeze on your account, and may require that you provide certain personal information (such as your name, Social
Security number, date of birth, and address) and proper identification (such as a copy of a government-issued ID
card and a bill or statement) prior to honoring your request. There is no charge, however, to place, lift or remove a
security freeze if you provide the credit reporting agencies with a valid police report. You have the right to obtain a
police report if you are the victim of identity theft.

For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office about
preventing identity theft. You may contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:

North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
877-566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
919-716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov
