                                                                                                  June 11, 2015

[INDIVIDUAL NAME],

Unfortunately, I am writing to inform you that our sales systems provider, Missing Link Networks, Inc.,
(“Missing Link”) notified us on May 27th, 2015 of a possible security incident involving your credit and debit
card data. Since then we have been working tirelessly with Missing Link and their other affected clients to
understand the scope of the situation and how to best help you. We have not been in a position to notify you
sooner as we first had to establish clarity on what information might have been breached, understand the
notification requirements in each state and, as required by law, first notify certain state authorities.

Missing Link has advised us that during the window of April 1, 2015 to April 30, 2015, a third party might
have gained access to certain personal information, including customer names, card numbers, related payment
addresses, passwords, and dates of birth. It is important to note that Missing Link did not have your Social
Security Number, your Driver License Number or the security code on your credit card (CVV). Consequently,
the risk of identity theft is low.

For ease of reference, your card on file is a [Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover] ending in
[last 4 digits].

We are working diligently with Missing Link to address the issue. Missing Link has notified the credit and
debit card companies and supplied them detailed information on the affected accounts, and we’ve been assured
that these accounts are being monitored for fraud. Missing Link has also assured us that the security breach has
been contained, and that customers may safely use their credit and debit cards. To date, we have not received
any customer notifications regarding fraudulent activity. Additionally, Missing Link has taken aggressive
action to upgrade its security and it should be noted that Repris is only one of many Missing Link clients that
have been affected, so it’s possible that you may receive similar notifications from other wineries.

I encourage you to monitor your credit and debit card accounts, and to notify your bank if you notice any
suspicious activity. I also encourage you to refer to the information below concerning additional steps you can
take to protect your credit, your accounts, and your identity. Please contact your credit card company to
determine what additional security or other protective measures can be placed on your account or if you notice
any suspicious activities. Missing Link has suggested Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC) as a resource for
customers. ITRC will provide toll-free, no cost counseling to help resolve fraudulent charges and provide
support and counseling in the instance of identity theft, if any. Please visit itrc@idtheftcenter.org for more
information.

I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause you. As common as incidents like this seem to
have become, we take this extremely seriously and the trust of our customers is paramount to us. Please rest
assured that we are doing everything we can to protect you. If you have any questions please call me at
707.939.7532 or email me here [here has email link chris@repriswines.com].

Sincerely,


Chris O’Connell
Allocation Manager
                                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Review Your Account Statements and Notify Law Enforcement of Suspicious Activity
We recommend that you contact your credit or debit card issuer to determine whether a new card should be
issued and whether additional levels of security or protective measures should be placed on the account. We
also recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit reports closely, and
that you should not provide personal information in response to suspicious emails, especially including those
from an unknown source/sender. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly
notify the financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You should also promptly
report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement
authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission. In Massachusetts, you have the
right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.

Copy of Credit Report
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies once
every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by
completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service,
P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. The FTC advises that you do not contact the three nationwide credit
reporting companies individually, because they are providing free annual credit reports only through
www.annualcreditreport.com, 1-877-322- 8228 or mailing to Annual Credit Report Request Service.

Upon receipt of your credit report, we recommend that you review the “inquiries,” section for names of any
creditors from whom you have not requested credit, and the “personal information,” section for any
inaccuracies. Any unusual activity or information could be a sign of potential identify theft. If you observe
such information, contact the credit bureau listed at the top of the report. Your credit report will be reviewed
by the bureau staff with you, and if any information cannot be explained, you may need to contact the creditors
involved

Contact information for the three national credit reporting agencies is below:
Equifax                                   Experian                         TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241                           P.O. Box 2104                    P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, Georgia 30374                    Allen, TX 75013                  Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111 (general)                  1-888-397-3742                   1-800-888-4213 (general)
1-888-766-0008 (fraud alert)              www.experian.com                 1-800-680-7289 (identity theft and
1-800-685-1111 (security freeze)                                           fraud)
www.equifax.com                                                            www.transunion.com

Fraud Alert
You may also want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and will
stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within
your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To
place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies identified above.

Security Freeze
In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new credit
from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the
freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without
your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You
must separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if
you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee of up to $5 to place, lift, or
remove the security freeze. In order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide the consumer
reporting agency with information that identifies you including your full name, Social Security number, date of
birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued identification card, and a recent utility bill,
bank statement or insurance statement.

Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft
Finally, you may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity
theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338).
A copy of Taking Charge What to Do If Your Identity Is Stolen, a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help
you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be found on the FTC’s website at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to
avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.statemd.us, or
calling 410-576-6491.

North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney General at
http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699.
