Greetings from Rhys Vineyards.

We are writing to inform you that our third-party ecommerce provider, Missing Link Networks,
Inc., (“Missing Link”) notified us on May 27, 2015 of a security incident involving credit and debit
card data. Missing Link has advised us that during the window of April 1, 2015 to April 30, 2015,
a third party might have gained access to certain personal information, including customer
names, card numbers, related payment addresses, passwords, and dates of birth. We are
working proactively and aggressively with Missing Link to address the issue. Missing Link has
notified the credit and debit card companies and supplied them detailed information on the
affected accounts, and we’ve been assured that these accounts are being monitored for
fraud. They have also assured us that the security breach has been contained, and customers
may safely use their credit and debit cards.

That said, it has been recommended we advise you to log into your Rhys account and update
your password. We also encourage you to monitor your credit and debit card accounts and notify
your bank if you notice any suspicious activity. It should be noted that we are only one of many
Missing Link clients that have been affected, so it’s possible that you may receive similar
notifications from other wineries.

To date, we have not received any customer notifications regarding fraudulent activity.
Additionally, Missing Link Networks has taken aggressive action to upgrade its security, including
making a sizable investment in system enhancements.

We highly value the privacy and security of your information, so we encourage you to consult the
attached information concerning additional steps you can take to protect your credit, your
accounts, and your identity; you also should notify your credit card company or financial
institution to determine what additional security or other protective measures can be placed on
your account or if you notice any suspicious activities. In addition, Missing Link offers you a
number of options to protect your information. Complete details on Missing Link’s initial
notification, and any public updates regarding the ongoing investigation on its website
at www.ecellar1.com/faq. Missing Link has also suggested Identity Theft Resource Center
(ITRC) as a resource for customers, which has represented it will provide toll-free, no cost
counseling to help resolve fraudulent charges and provide support and counseling in the instance
of identity theft, if any. Please contact itrc@idtheftcenter.org for more information.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience that this incident may cause you. If you have any
further questions please contact us at info@rhysvineyards.com or by phone at (866) 511-1520
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION




Review Your Account Statements and Notify Law Enforcement of Suspicious Activity

We recommend that you contact your credit or debit card issuer to determine whether a new card
should be issued and whether additional levels of security or protective measures should be
placed on the account. We also recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account
statements and credit reports closely, and that you should not provide personal information in
response to suspicious emails, especially including those from an unknown source/sender. If you
detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial institution or
company with which the account is maintained. You should also promptly report any fraudulent
activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your
state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission. In Massachusetts, you have the
right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.

Copy of Credit Report

You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting
agencies once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free
877-322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual
Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. The FTC advises that you
do not contact the three nationwide credit reporting companies individually, because they are
providing free annual credit reports only through www.annualcreditreport.com, 1-877-322- 8228
or mailing to Annual Credit Report Request Service.

Upon receipt of your credit report, we recommend that you review the “inquiries,” section for
names of any creditors from whom you have not requested credit, and the “personal information,”
section for any inaccuracies. Any unusual activity or information could be a sign of potential
identify theft. If you observe such information, contact the credit bureau listed at the top of the
report. Your credit report will be reviewed by the bureau staff with you, and if any information
cannot be explained, you may need to contact the creditors involved

Contact information for the three national credit reporting agencies is below:

Equifax

P.O. Box 740241

Atlanta, Georgia 30374
1-800-685-1111 (general)

1-888-766-0008 (fraud alert)

1-800-685-1111 (security freeze)

www.equifax.com




Experian

P.O. Box 2104

Allen, TX 75013

1-888-397-3742

www.experian.com




TransUnion

P.O. Box 2000

Chester, PA 19022

1-800-888-4213 (general)

1-800-680-7289 (identity theft and fraud) www.transunion.com




Fraud Alert

You may also want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is
free and will state on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible
fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any
of the three credit reporting agencies identified above.
Security Freeze

In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will
prevent new credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is
issued to you when you initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential
creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a result, using a security
freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a
security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if you request a
security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee of up to $5 to place, lift, or
remove the security freeze. In order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide
the consumer reporting agency with information that identifies you including your full name, Social
Security number, date of birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued
identification card, and a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement.




Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

Finally, you may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to
avoid identity theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-
THEFT (877-438-4338). A copy of Taking Charge What to Do If Your Identity Is Stolen, a
comprehensive guide from the FTC to help you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be
found on the FTC’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.




Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on
how to avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to
idtheft@oag.statemd.us, or calling 410-576-6491.




North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney
General at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center,
Raleigh, NC 27699.
