Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336
<<Mail ID>>

<<Student Name>>
<<Street Address>>
<<City>>,<<State>><<Zip>>
	<<Date>>




Dear <<Student Name>>:
Riverside Community College District (RCCD) is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of our
students’ personal information. If an incident occurs that potentially exposes some of that information, it is our duty
to communicate directly with those affected.
On Monday, June 2, 2014, RCCD learned that an email containing student records was sent to an incorrect external
e-mail address the previous Friday, May 30. We immediately began an investigation and determined that the e-mail
contained information about RCCD students enrolled in spring 2014 semester classes. The data file contained your
name, home address, preferred phone number, student e-mail address, birth date, student identification number,
enrolled classes, and Social Security number.
At this time we don’t know if the external email account is active, but be assured that we are implementing safeguards
to help prevent anyone from using your data. As a precaution, we have secured for you a one-year membership in
Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert credit monitoring service. There is no cost to you, and this product will help detect
attempted misuse of your personal information. It is focused on the immediate identification and resolution of identity
theft, and will provide superior protection support. Enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit score. For
more information on ProtectMyID Alert and instructions on how to activate your free one-year membership,
please see the included instructions in this letter.
We also recommend that, over the next several weeks, you use WebAdvisor to review your student enrollment and
academic information. If you notice any unauthorized changes, please immediately contact us.
I want to apologize on behalf of the District for the inconvenience and uncertainty this situation causes you. And I
want you to know that we are taking additional steps to protect information and to prevent something like this from
happening again. These steps include reassessing and enhancing security measures, reviewing policies and procedures
for safeguarding student information, and re-enforcing best practices in secure data handling with our staff.
If you have any questions, please contact the dedicated Call Assistance Center we have established to assist you, at
1-888-266-9438, Monday through Friday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time.

Sincerely,




Irving G. Hendrick
Interim Chancellor
Riverside Community College District




M2621 v.02 06.10.2014
                                       Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1.	 ENSURE That You Enroll By: September 16, 2014 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	 PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]
If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-371-7902 and provide Engagement #:
PC85355.
Additional details regarding your 12-MONTH ProtectMyID Membership:
A credit card is not required for enrollment. This is a service that RCCD is providing at no cost to you.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following benefits:
      ■■ Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ■■ Surveillance Alerts for:
         оо Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your
             Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ■■ Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
         and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
         from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
         grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
         with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
         оо It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
             added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of
             Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ■■ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
         investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at 877-371-7902.
Even if you choose not to enroll in this program, we recommend that you remain vigilant to the possibility of
fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit card, bank, and other financial statements for any unauthorized
activity. You may also obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, directly from each of the three nationwide
credit reporting agencies. To order your credit report, free of charge once every 12 months, please visit www.
annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three nationwide credit
reporting agencies is as follows:
          Equifax                         Experian                           TransUnion
          PO Box 740256                   PO Box 9554                        PO Box 6790
          Atlanta, GA 30374               Allen, TX 75013                    Fullerton, CA 92834
          www.equifax.com                 www.experian.com                   www.transunion.com
          1-800-525-6285                  1-888-397-3742                     1-800-680-7289
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been
misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the attorney general’s office in your
home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:
          Federal Trade Commission
          600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
          Washington, DC 20580
          www.ftc.gov
          1-877-438-4338
You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft, as well as
information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities
and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to provide copies to creditors to
correct your records.
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to
the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.


M2622 v.02 06.10.2014
