[Name]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

Dear [Name],

RJL Insurance services, a consultant of [Client], recently became aware of a vulnerability in its computer
network that may have resulted in the exposure of some electronic files. RJL has taken steps to secure the
information and believes that it is no longer in any danger of exposure. Computer forensic experts were
retained to assist in investigating the event and to provide guidance on notification obligations under state
and federal laws. Their investigation has confirmed that one of RJL's servers was compromised when
unauthorized electronic access was enabled. The result is that some RJL files were accessible for a period
of two weeks in late September and early October.

As a normal course of the business of purchasing and managing insurance, some employee personal
information is provided to brokers and carriers. Thorough investigation has indicated that some of your
personal information, including your [name, Social Security number, and driver's license numbers] [name
and driver's license number] [your medical condition] may have been exposed. Please know that there is
no evidence that this information has or will be misused.

Through RJL, we have contracted with ID Experts® to provide you with fully managed recovery services
which will include 12 months of FraudStop™ Basic Edition, a $20,000 insurance reimbursement policy,
exclusive educational materials and access to fraud resolution representatives. With this protection, ID
Experts will help you resolve issues if your identity is compromised. You can contact ID Experts with
any questions and to register for the free services by calling 1-888-287-9902 or going to
www.IDEPrivacy.com.

Please note the deadline to enroll is June 22, 2012.

Again, at this time, there is no evidence that your information has been misused. However, we encourage
you to take full advantage of this service offering. Representatives from ID Experts have been fully
versed on the incident and can answer any questions or concerns you may have regarding protection of
your personal information. They are available to assist with enrollment in the FraudStop program and
services Monday through Friday from 6 am-6 pm Pacific Time by calling 1-888-287-9902.

You will find detailed instructions for enrollment on the enclosed Recommended Steps document. Also,
you will need to reference the following membership code when calling or enrolling on the website, so
please do not discard this letter.

Your Membership Code: [ID Experts will insert individual codes]

[Client] and RJL Insurance Services sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern that this matter may
have caused you. Thank you for your patience and understanding while we work together to protect your
information.


Sincerely,

Name
Company
                                                                                                                Formatted: Doc ID



3107766.1 -- SFDLC3.3
                        Recommended Steps to help Protect your Identity

Please Note: No one is allowed to place a fraud alert on your credit report except you, please follow
the instructions below to place the alert.

By immediately taking the following simple steps, you can help prevent your information from being
misused.

1. Contact ID Experts at 1-888-287-9902 to gain additional information about this event and to talk with
knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your identity.

2. Go to www.IDEPrivacy.com and follow the instructions for enrollment. Once you have completed
your enrollment, you will receive a welcome letter by email (or by mail if you do not provide an email
address when you sign up). The welcome letter will direct you to the exclusive ID Experts’ Member
Website where you will find other valuable educational information.

3. Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing account statements
and monitoring credit reports. You can receive free credit reports by placing fraud alerts. Under federal
law, you also are entitled every 12 months to one free copy of your credit report from each of the three
major credit reporting companies. To obtain a free annual credit report, go to
www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. You may wish to stagger your requests so that you
receive a free report by one of the three credit bureaus every four months.

If you discover any suspicious items and have enrolled with ID Experts, notify them immediately by
calling or by visiting their Member website and filing a theft report.

If you file a theft report with ID Experts, you will be contacted by a member of the Recovery Department
who will help you determine the cause of the suspicious items. In the unlikely event that you fall victim to
identity theft as a consequence of this incident, you will be assigned an ID Experts Recovery Advocate
who will work on your behalf to identify, stop and reverse the damage quickly.

You should also know that you have the right to file a police report if you ever experience identity fraud.
Please note that in order to file a crime report or incident report with law enforcement for identity theft,
you will likely need to provide some kind of proof that you have been a victim. A police report is often
required to dispute fraudulent items. You can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law
enforcement or to the Attorney General.

4. Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. You can place a fraud alert at one of the three major
credit bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to
follow certain procedures, including contacting you, before they open any new accounts or change your
existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you
seek to obtain credit. The contact information for all three bureaus is as follows:




                                                                                                               Formatted: Doc ID



3107766.1 -- SFDLC3.3
Credit Bureaus

Equifax Fraud Reporting          Experian Fraud Reporting         TransUnion Fraud Reporting
1-800-525-6285                   1-888-397-3742                   1-800-680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                  P.O. Box 9532                    Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241           Allen, TX 75013                  P.O. Box 6790
www.alerts.equifax.com           www.experian.com                 Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                  www.transunion.com

It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As soon as one
of the three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts on their records as
well. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to order all three credit
reports, free of charge, for your review.

5. By placing a freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your personal identifying information will not
be able to use that information to open new accounts or borrow money in your name. You will need to
contact the three national credit reporting bureaus listed above in writing to place the freeze. Keep in
mind that when you place the freeze, you will not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a
new credit card until you temporarily lift or permanently remove the freeze. The cost of placing the freeze
varies by the state you live in and for each credit reporting agency. However, if you are a victim of
identity theft and have filed a report with your local law enforcement agency or submitted an ID Theft
Complaint Form with the Federal Trade Commission, there may be no charge to place the freeze.

6. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft from the
following:

For Maryland Residents:                              For North Carolina Residents:
Office of the Attorney General of Maryland           Office of the Attorney General of North
Consumer Protection Division                         Carolina
200 St. Paul Place                                   9001 Mail Service Center
Baltimore, MD 21202                                  Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
www.oag.state.md.us/Consumer                         www.ncdoj.com/
Telephone: 1-888-743-0023                            Telephone: 1-919-716-6400

For all other US Residents:
Identity Theft Clearinghouse
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.consumer.gov/idtheft
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
TDD: 1-202-326-2502

The Federal Trade Commission also encourages
those who discover that their information has been
misused to file a complaint with them.




                                                                                                              Formatted: Doc ID



3107766.1 -- SFDLC3.3
