<<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>                              <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<Stateprovince>> <<Postalcode>>
<<Intelligent Mail Barcode>>




Dear <<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>,
We are writing to inform you of an incident that came to our attention on March 12, which may have
involved the unintentional exposure of your Social Security number (SSN). This occurred as a result of
a system mistake involving the recent Rollins TODAY mailing. This distribution may have inadvertently
displayed your SSN in a number sequence on the mailing label.
While you may recognize your own SSN upon review of the mailing label, we believe that anyone
else handling the quarterly issue probably would not know its meaning given how it was displayed.
The most recent Rollins TODAY was mailed during the week of March 4th, so you should be receiving
it shortly if you have not already received it. We recommend that you remove and destroy the Rollins
TODAY mailing label or black out your SSN so that it is not legible.
It is important to recognize that this incident was not the result of any sort of “hacking incident” of
our electronic records and systems. There is no indication that this information has been misused.
If you are still concerned and to restore confidence following this incident, Rollins has secured the
services of Kroll Advisory Solutions to provide identity theft safeguards at no cost to you. Kroll
Advisory Solutions is the global leader in risk mitigation and response, and their team has more
experience than any other organization when it comes to helping people who have sustained an
unintentional exposure of confidential data.
Your identity theft safeguards include Continuous Credit Monitoring and Enhanced Identity Theft
Consultation and Restoration. Instructions on how to receive your services are below.


     Next Steps

ð    Your membership number is: <<MEMBERSHIPNUMBER>>
     1.	 Go to www.idintegrity.com to start your credit monitoring
      	 Please be prepared to provide your membership number. Instructions are provided online.
     	   If you would prefer to receive your alerts through the mail instead of online, fill out the enclosed
         Consumer Credit Report and Credit Monitoring Authorization Form and return it in the enclosed
         postage-paid envelope.
     2.	 Call 1-???-???-???? if you need help or have questions
     	 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday
     	 Kroll representatives are ready to help you.




            Rollins, Inc., 2170 Piedmont Road N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30324 Telephone (404) 888-2002   XXXXXX-0313
We are providing you with access to the following services from Kroll Advisory Solutions, at no cost to you.
Please note that in order to activate the following services you will need to follow the instructions in the
“Next Steps” box on the first page of this letter.
  Continuous Credit Monitoring. We are providing you with no-cost access to Kroll’s credit monitoring service
  for 12 months from the date of this letter. Once activated, you will receive alerts whenever there are certain
  changes in your credit file that could indicate an issue.
  Enhanced Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Licensed Investigators, who truly understand the
  problems surrounding identity theft, are available to listen, to answer your questions, and to offer their
  expertise regarding any concerns you may have. And should your name and credit be affected by this incident,
  your investigator will help restore your identity to pre-theft status.
To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social
Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.

What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s Licensed Investigators are
standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership
number ready.
We apologize for this situation and regret that this incident occurred. We take the privacy and security of our
employees and retirees personal information seriously. Be assured that we will take appropriate steps to keep
this type of problem from happening again in the future.
In closing, we have no reason at this time to believe that any SSNs have been misused. We are however including
information about additional steps that you can take to protect yourself from identify theft.
Sincerely,




John Wilson
President and COO, Rollins, Inc.
Steps You Can Take If You Are Concerned About The Possibility Of Identity Theft
•	 Monitor and Review Your Credit Reports and Account Statements Carefully and Report Suspicious Activity.
   You should remain vigilant and review your credit reports and financial account statements frequently for
   suspicious activity which may indicate the occurrence of fraud or identity theft. When you review your credit
   reports look for accounts you did not open, debts that do not involve you, inquiries by companies that you
   have not or do not do business with, or other errors. If your financial account statements include transactions
   you do not recognize or did not authorize, contact your financial institution. If there are errors on your credit
   report, such as debts that are not yours or accounts you did not open, contact the credit bureaus. Errors can
   simply be mistakes but they also may be indicators of possible identity theft so it is important to contact the
   credit bureaus if you believe information in your credit reports is inaccurate.
•	 Place a Fraud Alert or Security Freeze on Your Credit Reports. Consider placing a fraud alert or security freeze
   on your credit files with the credit bureaus. A fraud alert will warn potential creditors to take additional steps
   when reviewing applications in cases where they request credit reports as part of their account processes.
   A security freeze will restrict access to your credit reports. Be aware, however, that it could take longer for you
   to obtain new credit because of these additional steps. The credit bureaus can be contacted at:
  Credit Bureau	       Website	                    Mailing Address	                           Phone
  Equifax	             www.equifax.com	            P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374	        1-888-766-0008
  Experian	            www.experian.com	           P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013	            1-888-397-3742
  Transunion	          www.transunion.com	         P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834	        1-800-680-7289
•	 Other possible actions. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in your financial account, promptly notify
   your payment card company or financial institution. You can obtain additional information about fraud alerts
   and security freezes from the three national credit bureaus, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), or your state
   Attorney General’s office.
  In addition, if you believe that you have been a victim of identity theft you can file a report with the FTC, 600
  Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington DC, 20580, www.ftc.gov/complaint or at (877) ID-THEFT (438-4338). Reports
  are added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, where they are accessible to law enforcement for
  their investigations.
  You also may be able to obtain additional information about identity theft from, and report suspected identity
  theft to, your state Attorney General’s office and/or local law enforcement.
  Maryland Residents: For additional information about identity theft, in addition to the FTC, credit bureaus, and
  other sources above, you also may contact: Office of the Attorney General, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD
  21202. www.oag.state.md.us. 1 (888) 743-0023.
  North Carolina Residents: For additional information about identity theft, in addition to the FTC, credit bureaus,
  and other sources above, you also may contact: North Carolina Department of Justice, Attorney General’s Office,
  9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001. http://www.ncdoj.gov/. (877) 566-7266.
