December 3, 2012


Dear Sir or Madam:

We are writing to you today to inform you of a recent online security incident that may affect you.


What Happened?

On Tuesday morning, November 27, RCG detected unauthorized access to personal information contained in an RCG web
application. The unauthorized access began late Monday night and was detected by RCG Tuesday morning. Access to the
web application (https:\\accountforms.rcgdirect.com) was shut down immediately and the unauthorized access was
terminated. RCG conducted an internal investigation and is working with law enforcement and security professionals to
identify the person(s) responsible for the unauthorized access.

The web application contained information belonging to certain customers who completed their RCG account forms online.
This information included name, address, birth date, social security number, range of net worth and income, bank name,
password for accessing the web application, and email address. This information did NOT include account number, positions,
cash balance, or trading platform information.

We are notifying you because you are one of the customers whose personal information was present in the web application.
Although we have no evidence that an unauthorized individual has actually retrieved or is using your personal data, we are
bringing this incident to your attention so that you can be extra alert to signs of any possible misuse of your personal
information.

What Should You Do Now?

There are some steps you can take, exercising abundant caution, to protect yourself. First, for current customers, be aware
that RCG would never email or contact you in any way to ask for identifying information about your trading account,
including: your account number, password or user ID. If you receive such an email or any other suspicious contact, DO NOT
RESPOND! Second, you should consider updating those passwords you commonly use which may be the same or similar to
the password you used when completing your account forms at RCG. Finally, we recommend that you remain vigilant across
all of your accounts at financial institutions for incidents of fraud or identity theft over the next twelve to twenty four months
by carefully reviewing your account statements and monitoring your credit reports. If you suspect an incident of identity
theft you should report it to RCG directly at creditprotection@rcgdirect.com or toll-free at (855) 801-2365 as well as the
proper authorities in your state and the Federal Trade Commission.

You may wish to contact the consumer credit reporting companies listed at the bottom of this letter and request that a fraud
alert be placed on your credit report. A fraud alert tells creditors to contact you before they open any new accounts or
change your existing accounts. You can also request copies of your credit reports and obtain information concerning fraud
alerts and credit freezes from these consumer credit reporting companies


Complimentary Credit Monitoring for One Year

To help protect your identity RCG is offering you a complimentary one-year membership in ProtectMyID® Alert service by
Experian®. This service helps protect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with identity protection
services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.

                             Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

    •    Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
    •    Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly opened accounts,
                                                                                 ®                 ®
         delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax and TransUnion credit reports.
    •    Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a dedicated, U.S.-based
         Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent, who will walk you through the fraud resolution process from start to finish.
    •    ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a trained Fraud Resolution Agent, even after your
         initial membership expires.
    •    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered by a $1 million
         insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including lost wages, private investigator fees and
         unauthorized electronic fund transfers. (Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions and exclusions of
         coverage.)

If you wish to activate this service, email RCG at creditprotection@rcgdirect.com. When you contact us, RCG will provide you
with your own unique activation code and contact information, which you can use to contact Experian directly to enroll in this
service. The deadline for enrolling in this service is February 28, 2013. Please ensure that you obtain your unique activation
code from RCG and contact Experian at www.protectmyid.com/redeem no later than February 28, 2013 to enroll in this
service.

RCG is committed to maintaining the privacy of customer information and takes many precautions for the security of
personal information. We regret that your information may have been subject to unauthorized access and apologize for any
concern or inconvenience this incident causes you. If you have any additional questions please contact RCG toll-free at (855)
801-2365 or at creditprotection@rcgdirect.com .

Sincerely,




Les Rosenthal                                  J. Robert Collins                           M. Scott Gordon


                                Consumer Credit Reporting Companies and Federal Agencies

Experian                                                           Equifax
Experian Security Assistance                                       U.S. Consumer Services
P.O. Box 72                                                        Equifax Information Services, LLC.
Allen, TX 75013                                                    Phone: 678-795-7971
Email: BusinessRecordsVictimAssistance@experian.com                Email: businessrecordsecurity@equifax.com

TransUnion
Phone: 1-800-372-8391
Email: www.transunion.com

The Federal Trade Commission also works with consumers to help prevent, and provide information concerning, identity
theft. The contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:

Federal Trade Commission at 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338)
www.ftc.gov
Consumer Response Center,
600 Pennsylvania, NW, H-130,
Washington, D.C. 20580
