[Date]

[Name]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

Dear [Name]:

We are writing to notify you of an incident that may affect the security of your personal information. We are
unaware of any attempted or actual misuse of your personal information, but are providing this notice to ensure
that you are aware ofthe incident and so that you may take steps to monitor your identity, and your credit
accounts, should you feel it is necessary to do so.

R.T. Jones Capital Equities Management, Inc.("R.T. Jones") is, or was, the managed account provider for your
current or former employer. On July 26, 2013, R.T. Jones learned of the possibility that the web hosting facility
that hosts its Artesys website was the subject of a cyber-attack originating from an IP address in China on July 22,
2013. Upon learning of this event, R.T. Jones immediately commenced an internal investigation to determine the
scope ofthis incident. R.T. Jones also retained two separate independent forensic experts to conduct their own
investigations into this incident, as well as specialized data security counsel to guide the company through its
response to this incident. R.T. Jones also reported these attacks to the FBI, the Secret Service, and local law
enforcement. Although these investigations are ongoing, on August 7, 2013 the forensic cyber experts hired by
R.T. Jones confirmed that this cyber-attack could result in the unauthorized access to a database containing your
name, Social Security number,[email address],[discretionary account number managed by R.T. Jones], and date
of birth.

R.T. Jones takes this matter, and the security of your personal information, seriously. R.T. Jones is unaware of
any actual or attempted misuse of your personal information. Out of an abundance of caution and in order to help
safeguard you from misuse of your personal information, we have arranged monitoring of activity within the
United States for 12 months at no cost to you. You can enroll in a professional identity monitoring service (First
Watch ID) provided by First Watch Technologies, Inc. You can sign up for this service anytime between now
and                ,using the verification code listed below. To enroll in this service, simply ca11866-264-1054
Monday through Friday between the hours of9 AM.and 7 PM.EST or go to www.firstwatchid.com and:

            * Click on the Verification Code button on the upper right-hand corner ofthe First Watch ID
            homepage.

            * Enter the appropriate information, including your unique 12-digit verification code:
            [XXXXXXXXXXXX]

After enrollment, you will receive one year of proactive identity monitoring. First Watch ID will monitor
thousands of databases and billions of records on your behalfto look for suspicious activity that could indicate the
beginning steps of identity theft. If suspicious activity is found, First Watch will place a personal phone call to
you (at the telephone number that you provide)to determine ifthe suspicious activity is potentially fraudulent.

Additionally, if you enroll, First Watch provides you with easy online access to monitor your credit activiTy using
the three major credit bureau services. Each credit bureau will provide you one free credit report annually. First
Watch suggests you request your free credit report from one bureau at a time every four months. This allows you
to monitor credit activity three times per year. First Watch will send you an email(at the email address you
provide)every four months reminding you to request your free credit report from the appropriate bureau.

The First Watch ID service also includes up to $25,000 of identity theft insurance with $0 deductible,(certain
limitations and exclusions may apply).
To further protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to
review your account statements, and to monitor your credit reports for suspicious activity. Under U.S. law, you
are entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit bureaus. To order your free
credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free, 1-877-322-8228. You may also contact the three
major credit bureaus directly to request a free copy of your credit report.

At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a "fraud alert" on your file that alerts creditors to take
additional steps to verify your identiTy prior to granting credit in your name. Note, however, that because it tells
creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay your ability to obtain credit while the
agency verifies your identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to
place fraud alerts on your file. Should you wish to place a fraud alert, or should you have any questions regarding
your credit report, please contact any one of the agencies listed below. Information regarding security freezes is
also available from these agencies.

Equifax                              Experian                                  TransUnion
P.O. Box 105069                      P.O. Box 2002                             P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30348                    Allen, TX 75013                           Fullerton, CA 92834
800-525-6285                         888-397-3742                              800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                          www.transunion.com

You can also further educate yourself regarding identity theft, security freezes, and the steps you can take to
protect yourself, by contacting your state Attorney General or the Federal Trade Commission. For North
Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-
9001, 1-919-716-6400, www.ncdo,~gov. For Maryland residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 200
St. Paul Place, 16th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, (888) 743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us. The Federal Trade
Commission can be reached at:               600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580,
www.ftc. ov/bcpledu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338); TTY: 866-653-4261. The Federal
Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been misused to file a
complaint with them. You can also obtain further information on how to file such a complaint by way of the
contact information listed above. Instances of known or suspected identity theft should also be reported to law
enforcement.

We have established a confidential privacy line, staffed with professionals trained in credit and identity protection
and familiar with this incident. If you have any questions regarding the incident or the information in this letter,
please contact this confidential privacy line at 1-(866)264-1054. This line is available Monday through Friday,
9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. E.S.T.

We apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this may have caused you.

Very truly yours,



Robert T. Jones
CEO/Chairman
