           0 A


                                      Sacramento Area Fire Fighters
                                              Loca1522
                                                                 March 26, 2012




                       RE: Notice of Security Breach

              Dear
                     10-          *




              I am writing to tell you of an unauthorized disclosure from Sacramento Area Fire Fighters, Local
              522 ("Local 522") that may have included your personal information.

              Between March 5-6, 2012, a spreadsheet containing names and contact information for active
              and retired Local 522 members was sent by a Local 522 employee to the Sacramento Central
              Labor Council ("CLC"). The spreadsheet containing this information also contained Local 522
              members’ social security numbers. This spreadsheet was sent to provide mailing addresses for
              mailing CLC publications to Local 522 members. It is believed that CLC then forwarded some
              or all of this information to Capitol Mailing, Inc., who used the information to print mailing
              labels for the CLC’s Sacramento Valley Union Labor Bulletin,

              On March 23, 2012, we discovered that the information was disclosed when Local 522 members
              advised us that the mailing label on the Sacramento Valley Union Labor Bulletin they received
              displayed their Social Security Number ("SSN"). We did not delay making this notification to
              you as a result of a law enforcement investigation.

             Immediately after we learned of the breach, we contacted the CLC and Capitol Mailing, Inc. to
             advise them of the issue and demand they destroy all documents containing Local 522 members’
             personal information.

             Carefully monitor your credit statements during the next 12-24 months to make certain there
             have no unauthorized transactions or unauthorized new accounts opened in your name. if there
             is an unauthorized activity on an account or if an unauthorized account has been opened in your
             name, contact the company issuing the account immediately.

             You may contact one of the credit reporting agencies below and ask for a fraud alert to be placed
             on your credit report. There is no charge for this service. When you put a fraud alert on your
             credit report, businesses will contact you to cheek your identity before issuing credit. In
             addition, you will be able to receive a free copy of your credit report. We recommend that you
             review your credit report and continue to monitor it for any suspicious activity or signs of fraud.
             You may order a copy of your credit report which is free annually. For your convenience, we
             have listed the three credit bureaus below.



3720 FOLSOM BOULEVARD - SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 95816-674"1 - (916) 739-8.522 - FAX (916) 739-8613 -                               wwwJaff522.or8

Affiliated with: International Association of Fire Fighters California Professional Firefighter’s AFL-CIO Sacramento Central Labor Council
Equifax                              Experian                        Tr2nsunion Corp
L52 5-628                        J   (888)397-3742               J   (00)680-7289


You may also contact one of the credit bureaus and ask for a security freeze to be placed on your
credit report. There may be a fee for this service. A security freeze means your credit file
cannot be shared with potential creditors. If your credit files are frozen, even someone who has
your name and Social Security Number should not he able to get credit in your name.

To place a securit y ’freeze on your credit report, you will need to provide the credit agency with
the following information by letter:

         Provide your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr, H, III, etc.) address,
         Social Security Number, and date of birth;
         If you moved in the past 5 years, supply the addresses where you lived over the prior five
         years;
         Provide current proof of address such as a current utility bill or phone bill;
         Send a photocopy of a government-issued identification card (state driver’s license or ID
         card, military identification, etc.)

Should you notice any suspicious, unusual, or unauthorized activity, steps you may wish to take
include:

         Notifying the fraud department of any one or the major credit bureaus listed above and
         contacting your local police to file a report;
         Making a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") by using the FTC’s
         Identity Theft Hotline at: (877) ID-THEFT (877-438-4338) or online at
         wwwiov/iIhfi. Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data
         Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible to law enforcement officers for their
         investigations.
         Closing any accounts that have been tampered with or opened fraudulently.

For more information, we recommend you review the FTC’s "Take Charge: Fighting Back
Against Identity Theft" Report, which is a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help you guard
against   and     deal    with identity      theft.  The report can be            viewed at



If you would like to speak to a Local 522 representative to obtain further information, please
contact the office by mail or by telephone at (916)739-8522.

Sincerely,
                      "

     h

BRIAN K. RICE, President
SACRAMENTO AREA FIRE FIGHTERS, LOCAL 522
