CLIENT NOTICE TEMPLATE

Dear NAME,

I am writing to inform you of a recent incident that may affect the security of your drivers’
personal information.

On April 2, 2014, SafetyFirst became aware that an FTP server used to back up your drivers’
data was publicly accessible, resulting in unauthorized access to your drivers’ personal
information. SafetyFirst immediately disconnected the FTP server to prevent further
unauthorized access to the data on the server. SafetyFirst then launched an investigation into this
matter to determine what information was exposed and how the server was being accessed. To
assist with this investigation, SafetyFirst engaged the services of an independent forensics
investigation firm.

As part of its investigation, the forensics investigation team analyzed forensics images of the
affected server and reviewed all relevant log data. The forensics investigation team determined
that the information on the SafetyFirst FTP server became publicly accessible after a
configuration error during a routine upgrade. We have also been able to identify what
information was accessed, when it was accessed and by what IP addresses.

Our investigation into this incident has determined that CLIENT data was first accessed on
DATE and last accessed on DATE. Enclosed with this letter is a list of CLIENT drivers whose
personal information was accessed. This list also indicates what personal information was
accessed for each driver. We have no evidence at this time of any fraud or identity theft
resulting from the inadvertent exposure of your drivers’ personal information.

In addition to working with a forensics investigation team, SafetyFirst has also reached out to
certain websites that may have indexed or cached the accessed CLIENT data. SafetyFirst has
requested that these websites remove the content to prevent further unauthorized accesses to the
CLIENT data. SafetyFirst has received confirmation from these websites that CLIENT data has
been removed.

The security of our clients’ and their employees’ personal information is our first priority. We
deeply regret this incident and any inconvenience this may cause your or your drivers. We are
doing everything possible to safeguard the personal information hosted on SafetyFirst’s network
and to prevent this type of incident from happening in the future. If you have any questions
about the information in this letter or if you would like to discuss this matter further, please
contact me at EMAIL ADDRESS or by phone at XXX-XXX-XXXX.

Sincerely,


Paul Farrell
