               SAN FRANCISCO HEAD START/ EARLY HEAD START
               205 13TH STREET, SUITE #3280
               SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94103


<Date>

<inside address>

Dear <name>

We at San Francisco Head Start/Early Head Start take our responsibility to protect your personal data very seriously.
For this reason, we are writing to inform you that between August and November 2011, there was a compromise of
security in the San Francisco Head Start/Early Head Start database and unauthorized person(s) accessed personal
information contained in this database. The personal records accessed contained names, address and contact
information, birth dates, Social Security numbers, health data, and other personal information relevant to the Head
Start program. San Francisco Head Start/Early Head Start considers your confidential personal information
extremely important, and thus, we are contacting you so that you can take precautionary steps to protect against any
attempts at identity theft. The incident’s notification was delayed due to an ongoing law enforcement investigation.

To help safeguard you from misuse of your personal information, we have arranged for identity protection from
AllClear ID at no cost to you.

    AllClear ID offers credit monitoring that delivers secure, credit alerts to you by phone. For a child under
    18 years old, AllClear ID ChildScan® identifies acts of credit, criminal, medical or employment fraud
    against children by searching thousands of public databases for use of your child’s information. AllClear
    ID also includes Identity Theft Insurance Coverage and AllClear Fraud Resolution Services. The AllClear
    ID service will be valid for 2 years from the date you register. At the end of the 2-year term, you may
    register for After Care restoration services for ongoing assistance.

You must register directly with AllClear ID to receive this complimentary identity protection service. You will need
to provide the activation code that is listed at the bottom of this page. You may alternatively register online or by
phone using the contact information listed below or, by mail using the enclosed mail-in registration form. Please
also see the enclosure to learn more about AllClear ID and identity theft.

We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you we are reviewing and revising our procedures and
practices to minimize the risk of recurrence. We remain dedicated to using our best efforts to regularly assess and
adapt our physical, administrative and technical security measures in order to protect such data.

We take pride in our service to you and the community and we apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this
incident may cause.


Sincerely,


                                                                             Free Identity Protection
Marjorie Weiss
                                                                             Activation Code: {ActivationCode}
Executive Director
San Francisco Head Start/Early Head Start Program                            Enroll at enroll.allclearid.com/{url}
                                                                             Assistance Hotline: {AllClearIDPhone}
Enclosure
