                                                                       Your identity is protected.
                                                                       If you suspect identity theft, simply call (877) 615-
                                                                       3782 and AllClear ID will work to recover financial
Processing Center · P.O Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024
                                                                       losses and restore your credit.
                                                                       No sign up required. This letter is your proof
                                                                       of identity protection coverage for 24 months.




                                                                                                  August 12, 2013
          John Q Sample
          123 Main Street
          Anytown, US 12345-6789




   Dear John Q Sample,
   San Francisco State College of Extended Learning takes our responsibility to protect your personal data
   very seriously. For this reason, we are writing to inform you that on Monday, June 11, 2013 we were
   notified by federal law enforcement of a compromise of the College of Extended Learning server that
   occurred on March 25th, 2013 at 3 am. The incident involved the unauthorized use of the server by a
   group not associated with SF State. Although we have no evidence of compromise of the databases also
   located on this server, federal law enforcement indicated more than 500 other sites were compromised
   by this same group and some of those sites did find evidence of compromised data. As a precaution, we
   are advising you of the possibility that SF State data has been compromised.

   The personal records potentially accessed contained your name, social security number and related
   information. Because the College of Extended Learning considers your confidential personal information
   extremely important, we are contacting you so that you can take precautionary steps to protect against
   any attempts at identity theft.

   As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for two years at no
   cost to you. The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use
   them at any time during the next year.

   AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your
   identity. You are automatically eligible to use this service - there is no action required on your part. If a
   problem arises, simply call (877) 615-3782 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover

                                                                                                                                      *0104000000*
   financial losses, restore your credit and make sure your identity is returned to its proper condition.
   AllClear ID has a 100% success rate in resolving financial identity theft issues and maintains an A+
   rating at the Better Business Bureau.

   AllClear PRO: This service offers additional layers of protection including credit monitoring and a $1
   million identity theft insurance policy. To use the PRO service, you will need to provide your personal
                                                                                                                               0104000000




   information to AllClear ID and use the following redemption code 9999999999. You may sign-up online
   at enroll.allclearid.com, by mail using the enclosed mail-in registration form, or by phone at (877)
   615-3782. Please note: Additional steps may be required by you in order to activate your phone alerts
   and monitoring options. Mailed registrations may take up to ten (10) business days before the
   registration is received and you are able to log-in to your account.
We regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you we are reviewing and revising our
procedures and practices to minimize the risk of recurrence. We remain dedicated to using our best
efforts to regularly assess and adapt our physical, administrative and technical security measures in order
to protect such data.

We take pride in our service to you and the community and we apologize for any inconvenience or
concern that this incident may cause.

Sincerely,


Jose L. Galvan, Dean, College of Extended Learning
                                    Information about Identity Theft Prevention
We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from one or
more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at
www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form
(available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-
5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit reporting
agencies listed below.

    Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 9532, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Look for accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not initiate or do
not recognize. Look for information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you see
anything you do not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and promptly report
any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law
enforcement, your state’s attorney general and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC or your
state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.

    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
    Maryland Office of the Attorney General:
        Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
        200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us
    For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.
    For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
    North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:
        North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
        9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov

The next 2 paragraphs are regarding incidents involving personal health information. Disregard if not applicable to
your situation.

We recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from your insurer. If you see
any service that you believe you did not receive, please contact your insurer at the number on the statement. If you do not
receive regular explanation of benefits statements, contact your provider and request them to send such statements following
the provision of services in your name or number.

You may want to order copies of your credit reports and check for any medical bills that you do not recognize. If you find

                                                                                                                                                 *0204000000*
anything suspicious, call the credit reporting agency at the phone number on the report. Keep a copy of this notice for your
records in case of future problems with your medical records. You may also want to request a copy of your medical records
from your provider, to serve as a baseline. If you are a California resident, we suggest that you visit the web site of the
California Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov to find more information about your medical privacy.

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on notice
that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your
                                                                                                                                          0204000000




credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit
report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of
identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for seven years. You
can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free fraud number of any of the three national credit reporting
agencies listed below.

     Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
     Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
     TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com
Credit Freezes (for Non-Massachusetts Residents): You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security
freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to
you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report
without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to your
credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In
addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of
placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit
reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting
company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major
credit reporting companies as specified below to find out more information:

     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, www.transunion.com

You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national credit
reporting agencies listed above.

Credit Freezes (for Massachusetts Residents): Massachusetts law gives you the right to place a security freeze on your
consumer reports. A security freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without
your consent. Using a security freeze, however, may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may request that a freeze be
placed on your credit report by sending a request to a credit reporting agency by certified mail, overnight mail or regular
stamped mail to the address below:

     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, www.transunion.com

Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. The following
information should be included when requesting a security freeze (documentation for you and your spouse must be submitted
when freezing a spouse’s credit report): full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; Social Security number; date of birth
(month, day and year); current address and previous addresses for the past five (5) years; and applicable fee (if any) or incident
report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Department of Motor Vehicles. The request should also include a
copy of a government-issued identification card, such as a driver’s license, state or military ID card, and a copy of a utility bill,
bank or insurance statement. Each copy should be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of
issue (statement dates must be recent). The credit reporting company may charge a reasonable fee of up to $5 to place a
freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and have
submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft to the credit reporting company.
                                               Terms of Use for AllClear Secure

If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial losses
and restore your identity. Benefits include:
   x Automatic 24 months of coverage;
   x No cost to you – ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation
services (“Services”) to help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are
determined at the sole discretion of AllClear ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear
Secure is not an insurance policy, and AllClear ID will not make payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or
expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
You are automatically protected for 24 months from the date the breach incident occurred, as communicated in the breach notification
letter you received from Company (the “Coverage Period”). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are not covered
by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AllClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the
terms herein, you must be a citizen eighteen (18) years of age or older, reside in the United States, and have a valid U.S. Social
Security number. Minors under eighteen (18) years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The
Services cover only you and your personal financial and medical accounts that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social
Security number, including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other financial accounts and/or medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
    x Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8077 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period;
    x Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from the
      sponsor Company;
    x Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may reasonably
      require;
    x Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies of all
      available investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law enforcement
      agencies, relating to the alleged theft.
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
  x Due to
       o Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
       o Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by any of your
         authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your “Misrepresentation”)
  x Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
  x In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage period.
Other Exclusions:
  x AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation fees
    of any service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to determine its


                                                                                                                                                     *0304000000*
    validity;
  x AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments or
    reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur;
  x AllClear ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve your
    credit history or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud; and
  x You are expected to protect your personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, you will not recklessly
    disclose or publish your Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected to
                                                                                                                                              0304000000




    improperly use or disclose that Personal Information, such as, by way of example, in response to “phishing” scams, unsolicited
    emails, or pop-up messages seeking disclosure of personal information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear ID:

              E-mail                              Mail                                 Phone
              support@allclearid.com              AllClear ID, Inc.                    1.855.434.8077
                                                  823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                  Austin, Texas 78701






    
                                 OPTIONAL: Register for AllClear ID PRO



You do not need to complete this form if you register online at enroll.allclearid.com or by phone at (877) 615-3782.




  John Q Sample
  123 Main Street
  Anytown, US 12345-6789                                                                             REDEMPTION CODE: 9999999999




                                                                                                                                          *0404000000*
                                                                                                                                   0404000000
