                                                                                             May 20, 2014




To:

From:    Chris Xanthos, Associate Vice President for Business Operations & CIO

San Diego State University recently discovered a database containing your personal information. The database was
managed by the Pre-College Institute and contains your name, Social Security number, date of birth, address, and
other personal information needed to provide pre-college students various services. You were or are enrolled in one
of the Pre-College Institute programs. The database was intended to be used only by Pre-College Institute employees,
but it was misconfigured to enable any computer connected to the SDSU wired network, with the program
“FileMaker”, to open it. The SDSU wired network consists of offices, some labs and the library.

SDSU takes its responsibility to protect your personal data very seriously, and we apologize for the misconfiguration
of the database. Upon learning of this situation, the Pre-College Institute reconfigured the database to be available
only to employees working at the Institute supporting the pre-college students.

Although we have no evidence of malicious access to the database, we are alerting you to the fact that your personal
information may have been viewed by an unauthorized user, so that you can determine what further actions you would
like to take to prevent any personal harm. If you have concerns about any potential harm, please consult the resources
below; these websites have helpful information to protect you from potential identify theft, including how to receive
a free copy of your credit report either through the Fair Credit Reporting Act or as a result of placing a fraud alert on
your credit files:

         California Office of Attorney General http://oag.ca.gov/idtheft
         Social Security Office http://www.ssa.gov/pubs/10064.html
         Free Credit Report https://www.annualcreditreport.com

The three credit bureaus are also a good source of information regarding identity theft:

         Equifax (800) 525-6285 www.equifax.com
         Experian (888) 397-3742 www.experian.com
         TransUnion (800) 680-7289 www.transunion.com

If you become aware of suspicious activity after reviewing your credit reports or accounts, please contact law
enforcement and the credit bureaus to investigate the incident.

If you have any other questions or concerns about this incident, please contact Felecia Vlahos, the Information Security
Officer, at iso@sdsu.edu or via phone at toll free (855) 594-0142 and refer to incident #H05007.
