[Name]
[Address]

June 11, 2015

Dear [Recipient]:

It has come to the attention of the San Luis Obispo County Community College District
(“the District”)
that on May 31, 2015 a District employee gained unauthorized access to the District’s
employee database containing the personally identifiable information, and without
authorization transmitted that information to the employee’s private email account. The
information included employee names, home address and telephone numbers, email
addresses, and social security numbers.

There is no indication that your specific information was targeted. Additionally, the
District is not aware whether that information was shared with any third parties, nor is the
District aware of any intent to use your information for any unlawful purpose.
Nevertheless, we strongly encourage you to take measures to help prevent and detect any
misuse of your information.

As a preventative step, we recommend you closely monitor your financial accounts and,
if you see any unauthorized activity, promptly contact your financial institution. Be
suspicious of any emails you may receive requesting personal information, such as credit
card numbers, or other financial information.

As an additional preventative step, you may contact a credit reporting agency to place a
fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before
opening new accounts. You may also request a free credit report from a credit reporting
agency. If you contact one of the three credit reporting agencies listed below, we
understand alerts will be placed automatically with the other two agencies. You will then
receive instructions from all three agencies explaining how to get a free copy of your
credit report.

●      Equifax (866) 349-5191; www.equifax.com
●      Experian (888) 397-3742; www.experian.com
●      TransUnion (800) 680-7289; www.transunion.com

Once you receive any credit reports, review them for suspicious activity. If you see any
accounts you did not open or incorrect personal information, call the credit reporting
agency or the telephone number on the report. If you do find suspicious activity on your
credit reports, call your local police or sheriff’s office and file a report of identity theft.

This incident has been referred to law enforcement and an investigation is pending. As a
result, the District does not have complete information. Please be assured that the
District will investigate this matter thoroughly.

We sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern caused by this incident. If you have
further questions or concerns, you may contact Melissa Richerson, at
Melissa_richerson@cuesta.edu or 805-546-3100 ext. 2247.

Very truly yours,

Melissa Richerson
Executive Director Human Resources/Labor Relations
