      DATE




      NAME
      STREET ADDRESS
      CITY, STATE, ZIP


      Dear [INSERT NAME],



      I am writing on behalf of Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc. (“SRPS”), which provides record-keeping and related
      services to the XXX 401(k) Plan in which you are a participant. SRPS recently learned about an incident involving the
      exposure of your sensitive personal information. While we do not believe there is a risk that your information has been
      or will be used inappropriately, we sincerely apologize for this incident.

                     th
      On August 25 , a spreadsheet containing your Social Security number, name, address, date of birth, date of
      termination (if applicable), employment status, division code, marital status and account balance was accidentally
      emailed to a participant in another retirement plan serviced by SRPS. That person immediately informed their plan
      sponsor, who in turn contacted SRPS. The plan sponsor in question has confirmed that the email and attachment have
      been deleted. While we have no reason to believe that your account information was used inappropriately, we want
      you to be aware of the incident. If you do suspect unauthorized activity has occurred or have any other questions,
      please call us immediately at 1-800-724-7526. We also recommend you consider taking the protective steps we
      describe below in this letter. Additionally, we are evaluating other steps we can take to prevent such incidents in the
      future.

      We would like to offer you a complimentary one-year credit monitoring subscription from Equifax. To subscribe, please
      complete the enrollment process prior to December 31, 2015 using the unique activation code provided on the
      enclosed Equifax information sheet.


      We take the security of your information very seriously and, again, I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this
      incident may cause.


      Sincerely,


      Ben Sheppard
      Vice President, Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc.



©2015 Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc. All rights reserved (0915-6067)




      We recommend that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and consider taking the following steps to further protect
      your personal information:
        • Review your recent and future account statements carefully to ensure all transactions are authorized.

        • Check your credit report regularly. You can order a free annual credit report by going to www.annualcreditreport.com or by
          calling the Annual Credit Report Request Service at 1-877-322-8228.

        • If at any time you believe you have been the victim of identity theft, you may wish to contact the three major credit reporting
          agencies and present them with a valid police report in order to place a free “Fraud Alert” or “Security Freeze” in your credit file.
          If you have not been a victim of identity theft, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $10.00 each to place, temporarily
          lift, or permanently remove a security freeze. Contact information for these credit reporting agencies is listed below. A fraud alert
          or security freeze notifies potential lenders to verify your identification before extending credit in your name. You should also
          report any suspected identity theft to local law enforcement.

        • To learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft and to obtain further information about a fraud alert or security freeze,
          visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft, call the FTC toll-free at 1-877-ID-
          THEFT (1-877-438-4338) or contact the FTC at Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania
          Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20580.


      Contact Information for Credit Reporting Agencies:

       Equifax                        Experian                       TransUnion
       1-877-478-7625                 1-888-397-3742                 1-888-909-8872
       P.O. Box 740241                P.O. Box 2002                  2 Baldwin Place
       Atlanta, GA 30374              Allen, TX 75013                P.O. Box 1000
       www.equifax.com                www.experian.com               Chester, PA 19016


      Other Important Information


      For Iowa Residents: You may also report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement or the Office of the Iowa
      Attorney General, 1305 E. Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA 50319, 515-281-5164, http://www.iowaattorneygeneral.org.

      For Maryland Residents: To obtain more information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft, you may contact the Office of
      the Maryland Attorney General, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us/contact.htm, or
      the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20580,
      www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.

      For Massachusetts and West Virginia Residents: Applicable law requires that we notify you that you may also place a security
      freeze on your credit report to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent, by sending a
      written request to each of the national credit reporting agencies listed above. In order to request a security freeze, you will need to
      provide the following: (1) your full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) your Social Security number and date of birth; (3)
      proof of your current address, such as a utility or phone bill, as well as a list of your addresses from the prior five years; (4) a legible
      photocopy of a government-issued identification card; (5) if you have been a victim of identity theft, a copy of any police report,
      complaint, or other investigative report you may have filed with local law enforcement; and (6) if you are not a victim of identity theft,
      payment by check, money order, or credit card. Do not send cash. The credit reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $10 each
      to place, temporarily lift, or remove a freeze. To lift or remove a freeze, you must send a written request in accordance with the
      requirements of each credit reporting agency. Please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay,
      interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for credit, loans, employment, housing, or other services. For
      more information regarding credit freezes, please contact the credit reporting agencies directly. Under state law, you also have the
      right to request a copy of any police report filed in connection with this incident.


      For North Carolina Residents: To obtain more information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft, you may contact the
      North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM (1-877-566-
      7226), www.ncdoj.gov/ or the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington,
      DC 20580, 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338), www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.


      For Oregon Residents: You may also report suspected incidents of identity theft to law enforcement, or to the Federal Trade
      Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20580,
      www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.

      For Vermont Residents: You may learn helpful information about fighting identity theft, placing a security freeze, and obtaining a
      free copy of your credit report is available on the Vermont Attorney General’s website at http://www.atg.state.vt.us



©2015 Schwab Retirement Plan Services, Inc. All rights reserved (0915-6067)
                                                                                                                       Activation Code: INSERT Credit Monitoring Code


About the Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1                                            Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following key
Monitoring identity theft protection product                                                features and benefits:
                                                                                            o Comprehensive credit file monitoring and automated
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early                                            alerts of key changes to your Equifax, Experian, and
warning system” to changes to your credit file and help you                                     TransUnion credit reports
to understand the content of your credit file at the three                                  o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
major credit-reporting agencies. Note: You must be over age                                     (available online only)
18 with a credit file in order to take advantage of the                                     o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax
product.                                                                                        Credit Report™
                                                                                                                                              1
                                                                                            o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0
                                                                                                deductible, at no additional cost to you
                                                                                            o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in
                                                                                                understanding the content of your Equifax credit
                                                                                                information, to provide personalized identity theft
                                                                                                victim assistance and in initiating an investigation of
                                                                                                inaccurate information.
                                                                                                                    2
                                                                                            o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal
                                                                                                functionality* (available online only)

How to Enroll: You can sign up online or over the phone
To sign up online for online delivery go to                                                   To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for
www.myservices.equifax.com/tri                                                                access to the Equifax Credit Watch automated enrollment
                                                                                              process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent
1.    Welcome Page: Enter the Activation Code provided at                                     to you via US Mail only.
      the top of this page in the “Activation Code” box and
      click the “Submit” button.                                                              1. Activation Code: You will be asked to enter your
2.    Register: Complete the form with your contact                                                 enrollment code as provided at the top of this letter.
      information (name, gender, home address, date of birth,                                 2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your
      Social Security Number and telephone number) and click                                        home telephone number, home address, name, date
      the “Continue” button.                                                                        of birth and Social Security Number.
3.    Create Account: Complete the form with your email
                                                                                              3.    Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide
      address, create a User Name and Password, check the
                                                                                                    Equifax with your permission to access your credit file
      box to accept the Terms of Use and click the “Continue”
                                                                                                    and to monitor your file. Without your agreement,
      button.
                                                                                                    Equifax cannot process your enrollment.
4.    Verify ID: The system will then ask you up to four
      security questions to verify your identity. Please answer
                                                                                              4.    Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a
                                                                                                    confirmation number with an explanation that you will
      the questions and click the “Submit Order” button.
                                                                                                    receive your Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when
5.    Order Confirmation: This page shows you your
                                                                                                    Equifax is able to verify your identity) or a Customer
      completed enrollment. Please click the “View My
                                                                                                    Care letter with further instructions (if your identity
      Product” button to access the product features.
                                                                                                    can not be verified using the information provided).
                                                                                                    Please allow up to 10 business days to receive this
                                                                                                    information.

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors of possible fraudulent activity within
your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. Once the fraud alert is added to your
credit report, all creditors should contact you prior to establishing any account in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit file,
visit: www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or you may contact the Equifax auto fraud line at 1-877-478-7625, and follow the simple prompts.
Once the fraud alert has been placed with Equifax, a notification will be sent to the other two credit reporting agencies, Experian and
Trans Union, on your behalf.

1 - Identity Theft Insurance underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational
purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may
not be available in all jurisdictions.. This product is not intended for minors (under 18 years of age)
2 - The Automatic Fraud Alert feature made available to consumers by Equifax Information Services LLC and fulfilled on its behalf by Equifax Consumer Services LLC
