Subject: Food.com Security Incident

Dear Valued Food.com User:

We recently learned of a potential unauthorized intrusion into the Food.com system that may have
affected your email/username and password for logging into your Food.com account used for managing
your recipe box and posting recipes on the site. These credentials can also be used to log into your user
account on the Foodnetwork.com website as well as the Food Network In the Kitchen and Food.com mobile
applications. We have been actively working with an experienced cybersecurity forensic investigator to
assist with our investigation of the incident.

Our investigation has determined that there was an illegal intrusion into the Food.com system between
August 8, 2015 and September 2, 2015 that resulted in unauthorized access to, and potential acquisition of,
some Food.com registered user emails/usernames and passwords for logging into Food.com accounts,
including yours. Please note that on Food.com, your email serves as your username. The investigation also
indicates that some users’ dates of birth may have been acquired, but there is no indication that home
addresses or any other information that you may have provided to Food.com was accessed or acquired. No
credit card or other financial information, or government issued identification numbers (i.e. social security
numbers, tax ID numbers, social insurance numbers) are collected or stored by Food.com.

In light of this incident, we recommend that you change the password to your Food.com account. To do so,
please log in to your Food.com account and from your account settings page follow the link to change your
password. When your Food.com account password is changed on the Food.com site, the password also will
be updated for the Foodnetwork.com website and the Food Network In the Kitchen and Food.com mobile
apps. If you have any questions regarding how to change your password please visit
www.food.com/howtochangeyourpassword for detailed instructions. In addition to changing your
Food.com password, we recommend that you change your password for any other website or system
where you use the same or a similar email/username and password combination. According to
government-recommended practices, strong passwords are long and include a mix of upper and lowercase
letters, numbers and symbols.

Please remember that Food.com will never ask you to provide personal or account information in an e-mail
or over the phone. Therefore, please exercise caution if you receive any emails or phone calls asking for
your personal information, as those communications could be a “phishing” attack (unlawful
communications designed to entice you to turn over your personal information).

The Food.com team is strongly committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customer
information, and we have taken steps to ensure that this type of intrusion does not happen again. If you
have any questions regarding this incident or if you desire further information or assistance please call 800-
380-6336 between 9am – 7pm EST Monday to Friday. Please use the reference number 1031100715 when
contacting the call center.

Sincerely,

The Food.com Team
