Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336


<<mail id>>
<<First Name>><<Last Name>>
<<Street Address>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>	<<Date>>




Re: Notice of a Data Breach

Dear <<First Name>> <<Last Name>>:

Seagate Technology is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of our employees’ personal information.
Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving the unauthorized disclosure of this information.

What Happened?
On March 1, 2016, we learned that a targeted “phishing” email message had been sent from outside the company
to Seagate employees. Phishing emails are an attempt by an individual or group to solicit personal information
from unsuspecting users by employing social engineering techniques. Phishing emails are crafted to appear as if
they have been sent from a legitimate organization or known individual. In this case, the phishing email targeted
Seagate employees in HR and Payroll, requesting copies of all 2015 Forms W-2, and unfortunately the email was not
recognized as a scam. The information disclosed was the actual W-2 information, including the names, addresses,
Social Security numbers, and earnings for anyone who was a Seagate or Seagate affiliate employee and was issued
a W-2 for the 2015 tax year.

The IRS and federal law enforcement have been notified of this incident. The IRS has reported that several other
companies have been targeted by this type of scheme. The IRS has also indicated to us that they will add extra
scrutiny to affected employees’ accounts for this year, in an effort to prevent fraudulent tax refunds from being paid
out.

What Information Was Involved?
The information involved in this incident included the names, addresses, Social Security numbers, and earnings for
anyone who was a Seagate or Seagate affiliate employee and was issued a W-2 for the 2015 tax year.

What We Are Doing.
Seagate is offering you at least a two-year membership in Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps
detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with identity protection services focused on
immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. ProtectMyID Alert is completely free to you and enrolling
in this program will not hurt your credit score. For more information on identity theft prevention and ProtectMyID
Alert, including instructions on how to activate your two-year membership, please see the additional information
provided with this letter. We strongly recommend that you follow these instructions to activate your membership as
soon as possible.

We deeply regret that this incident has occurred and that the privacy and security of your personal information was
not protected as it should have been. At the company level, we are aggressively analyzing where process changes are
needed, and will take the appropriate actions. We will supplement the phishing training conducted for all employees
with additional training and further information in the near future.




O8111 v.03 03.09.2016
What You Can Do.
In addition to enrolling in the two years of Experian’s ProtectMyID Alert, there are actions you can take to mitigate
the chances of fraud or identity theft. Detailed information about the Experian ProtectMyID Alert membership and
instructions on how to enroll is included with this letter. Additional information about preventing identity theft is
also included with this letter.

For More Information.
Should you have any questions, we have arranged a dedicated call center run by a third party, Epiq, to assist with
questions about how to protect your identity following this incident. Please call Epiq at 1-844-754-5542, from 9:00
a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday.

Sincerely,



Regan J. MacPherson
Vice President and Interim General Counsel

Enclosures: 	           Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
                        Information About Preventing Identity Theft




O8112 v.03 03.09.2016
                                       Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.	 ENSURE That You Enroll By: June 13, 2016 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	 PROVIDE Your Activation Code: <<Acct code>>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-371-7902 and provide engagement
#: PC99735

ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 24-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

      ■■ Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ■■ Surveillance Alerts for:
             ○○ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your
                 Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ■■ Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
         and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
         from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
         grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
         with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
             ○○ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
                 added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of
                 Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ■■ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
         investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                           Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                             or call 877-371-7902 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at 877-371-7902.




*
 Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to
the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.


O8113 v.03 03.09.2016
                           INFORMATION ABOUT PREVENTING IDENTITY THEFT

Even if you choose not to take advantage of the identity theft protection services we are offering, we recommend
that you remain vigilant to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit card, bank, and other
financial statements for any unauthorized activity. You may also obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge,
directly from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies once every 12 months. To order your credit
report, please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 877-322-8228. Contact information for the three
nationwide credit reporting agencies is as follows:

               Equifax             Experian                  TransUnion
               P.O. Box 740241     P.O. Box 2002             P.O. Box 2000
               Atlanta, GA 30374   Allen, TX 75013           Chester, PA 19016
               www.equifax.com     www.experian.com          www.transunion.com
               (800) 685-1111      (888) 397-3742            (800) 680-7289

If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been
misused, you should contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Office of the Attorney General in your home
state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:

            Federal Trade Commission
            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
            Washington, DC 20580
            www.ftc.gov/idtheft
            (877) 438-4338	

You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft as well as
information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities
and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to provide copies to creditors to
correct your records.




O8114 v.03 03.09.2016
