                                                  [Add Letterhead]

                                                    June 21, 2013

Via First Class Mail
[Insert Patient Name]
[Insert Patient Address]

Dear [Insert Patient First Name]:

I am writing on behalf of Foundations Recovery Network to inform you of a recent privacy incident concerning your
personal information. On Saturday, June 15 th, one of our employees informed us that she had been the victim of a
burglary during the early morning hours on June 15 th at approximately 2:45 a.m. and that her company laptop had
been stolen. The laptop contained certain aspects of patient information which she needed as part of her role with
our company. The employee reported the theft immediately to law enforcement authorities. We understand that the
theft was one of several that took place in her neighborhood that night, so we do not believe the thief specifically
targeted her or the laptop.

At this time, we do not know whether the information on the laptop has been accessed. It is important to note that
the information is password protected. However, because the safety and security of your information is our utmost
priority, we wanted to contact you out of an abundance of caution and make you aware of the situation. The
potentially disclosed information may include your personal information (such as name, date of birth, address,
telephone number and social security number) and medical information (such as diagnosis — the majority of which
were listed in numeric medical code only, level of care, date of service, and health insurance information). We
sincerely regret that this incident occurred.

Even though we have no reason to believe that your information has been accessed by anyone outside our
organization at this time, and we do not believe any of your financial information is included on the stolen laptop,
we want to make sure you are aware of the incident and have resources available to protect your personal
information. Therefore, we have contracted with Experian to provide to you a free one year membership in
Experian' se ProtectMyIDe Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and
provides you with identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.
You may sign up for this service by following the instructions on the last page of this letter in Attachment B. You
will be able to access this offer at no cost to you until October 31, 2013. See the attachments to this letter for more
information regarding enrollment in Experian' s e ProtectMyIDe Alert and other measures you may want to take.

Again, maintaining the integrity of confidential information is extremely important to us. We sincerely apologize
for any inconvenience this incident has caused for you. Please be assured that we will keep you informed of any
developments in the investigation that may be of importance to you. If you have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact us at 888-312-3310.

                                                       Sincerely,




                                                       Carol Arrowood, Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                       Foundations Recovery Network


Enclosures:       Attachment A
                  Attachment B




10890762.1
                 Attachment A: ProtectMyID and Protective Measures You Can Take

For your protection, we have contracted with Experian to provide a complimentary one-year membership in
ProtectMyIDTm, a national subscription credit monitoring service that provides you with access to your
credit report and daily monitoring of your credit file from the three national credit reporting agencies.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50 leading
indicators of identity theft. You'll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMylD on any key changes in
your credit report which could include new inquires, new credit accounts, medical collections and changes
to public records. For complete instructions on how to activate ProtectMyID, please see Attachment B.

Additionally, we want to advise you of several other resources that are available to help you protect your
personal information and suggest you monitor your accounts for suspicious activity.

         1. Free Credit Report

You are entitled to receive your credit report from each of the three national credit reporting agencies once
per year, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any unauthorized activity on your account. You may
obtain your free annual credit report from each of the national credit reporting agencies by visiting
www.annualcreditreport.com , by calling 877-322-8228 or by mailing your request to Annual Credit Report
Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.

When you receive your credit report(s), please review them carefully. Look for any accounts you did not
open, requests for your credit report from anyone that you did not apply for credit with, or inaccuracies
regarding your personal identifying information, such as your home address or social security number. If
you see anything you do not understand or that is incorrect, contact the appropriate credit reporting agency
using the contact information on the credit report or listed below and ask them to have information relating
to fraudulent transactions deleted:


         Experian                           Equifax                            TransUnion
         P.O. Box 9554                      P.O. Box 740256                    P.O. Box 6790
         Allen, TX 75013                    Atlanta, GA 30374                  Fullerton, CA 92834
         www.experian.com                   www.equifax.com                    www.transunion.com
         888-397-3742                       800-525-6285                       800-680-7289

Additionally, you can obtain information from the Federal Trade Commission about taking steps to avoid
identity theft at: www.ftc.gov/bcp/edulmicrosites/idtheft.

         2. Flagging Your Credit Report

To further protect you from the possibility of identity theft, each of the national credit reporting agencies
provides the ability to place a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit files. A fraud alert notifies any
creditors that access your credit report that you may be the victim of fraud and encourages them to take
additional steps to protect you from fraud. Placing a fraud alert is as simple as calling the numbers above
for each or any of the credit reporting agencies and requesting that a fraud alert be placed on your credit
file.

Whether or not you fmd any signs of fraud on your credit reports, we recommend that you closely monitor
your banking and credit account statements for suspicious activity on your existing accounts. You should
also remain vigilant over the next two years by attentively monitoring your credit reports and account
statements for indications of fraud and/or theft, including identity theft.




10890762.1
         3. Security Freeze

You are also permitted to place a "security freeze" on your credit file. A security freeze is different from a
fraud alert. When you place a security freeze on your credit file, third parties, such as lenders or other
companies (unless exempt under law), will not be able to access your credit report without your express
consent. A security freeze may delay, interfere with or prohibit the timely approval of any subsequent
request or application you make that involves access to your credit report. This may include, but is not
limited to, new loans, credit, mortgages, insurance, rental housing, employment, investments, licenses,
mobile phone service, utility service, digital signature service, internet credit card transactions and
extension of credit at a retail point of sale. Additionally, while your report is frozen, companies that
provide consumer data to credit reporting agencies will not be allowed to update name, address, social
security number and date of birth information on your credit report. If you wish to apply for a new credit
account or other credit relationship, and the prospective lender or company needs to access your credit
report, you will need to either remove or temporarily lift the security freeze unless the situation is one of
those exempt from security freezes as defmed by law. To submit a security freeze, you must submit a
written request to each of the credit reporting agencies, including your full name (with middle initial and
generation, such as Jr., III, etc.), address, social security number, date of birth (month, day, year) any
required fee and proof of your current residence, such as a state issued identification card or driver's
license, to the addresses below:

Experian Security Freeze            Equifax Security Freeze           TransUnion LLC
P.O. Box 9554                       P.O. Box 105788                   P.O. Box 6790
Allen, TX 75013                     Atlanta, Georgia 30348            Fullerton, CA 92834
888-397-3742                        800-685-1111                      888-909-8872
www.experian.com/freeze             www. freeze. equifax. com         www.freeze.transunion.com

If, at any time, you fmd suspicious activity on your credit reports, please take these steps. First, call your
local police department, sheriff s office or local attorney general's office and file a report. Be sure to
obtain a copy of this report, as many creditors will require the information it contains to absolve you of any
fraudulent debts and it also is helpful to the credit reporting agencies. Second, file a complaint with the
FTC at www.ftccomplaintassist.gov or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Last, notify all of the
national credit reporting agencies of the suspicious activity.




10890762.1
        Attachment B: Experian's ProtectMyIDTm Enrollment Information and Instructions

                   Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: October 31, 2013
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmvid.com/redeem or call 877-371-7902 to enroll
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for
50 leading indicators of identity theft. You'll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID on
any key changes in your credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts,
medical collections and changes to public records.

ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and
resolve potential identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign
a dedicated U.S.-based Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of
fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service.

We realize that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM , which provides you with the same high-level
of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.

               Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

    D Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
    > Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new
      inquiries, newly opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your
      Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
    > Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be
      assigned a dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk
      you through the fraud resolution process, from start to finish.
    D ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained
      Fraud Resolution Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
    D $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately
      covered by a $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including,
      lost wages, private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

             Activate your membership today at www.protectmvid.com/redeem
              or call 877-371-7902 to register with the activation code above.
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report
for inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help
understanding something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may
be fraudulent, please contact Experian's customer care team at 877-371-7902.

* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The
  description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms,
  conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and
  exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.




10890762.1
