August 21, 2013

                ##90561-LV1-0123456 T-0012 ************5-DIGIT 12345
                SAMPLE A SAMPLE
                APT ABC
                123 ANY ST
                ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
                AFADAFATDTFTADAFADADTFDFDDTFDDFFTFTADFFTTFFTTFTTFATAFADFDAATADDTF




   Dear SAMPLE A SAMPLE:
   I am writing to make you aware that Shore Mortgage (a division of United Shore Financial Services, LLC) (“Shore”) recently
   discovered that servers at one of our vendors were subject to a computer intrusion. The servers that were accessed contained
   Shore information. This may have included personal information you provided to us, such as your name, contact information,
   date of birth, driver’s license number, social security number and/or financial account information. Shore became aware that an
   unauthorized individual accessed your information on August 15, 2013. We believe the incident may have begun on June 2,
   2013. We immediately hired a nationally-prominent computer forensic specialist to conduct an exhaustive investigation of this
   matter, and have coordinated closely with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on an ongoing basis to apprehend the individual
   or individuals behind this incident. We have also taken several steps to prevent this incident from reoccurring. We have
   increased procedural controls over our vendor, including requiring our vendor to retrain its employees on their own security
   measures, as well as additional security measures Shore requires that they follow. We have also implemented numerous
   security protocols and additional monitoring procedures.
   Although our investigation has not found that your information has been misused, we treat this matter with the utmost
   seriousness and want to make sure you have the information you need so that you can take steps to help protect yourself from
   identity theft. We encourage you to remain vigilant and to regularly review and monitor relevant account statements and credit
   reports and report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, your Attorney General, or the Federal Trade
   Commission (the “FTC”). We have included more information on these steps in this letter.
   To further assist you, we have also arranged for you to receive 12 months of free identity protection through Experian’s
   ProtectMyID™ Alert program. This membership includes identity theft resolution services, a free credit report, daily credit
   monitoring to detect suspicious activity, and a $1 million* identity theft insurance policy, including coverage of unauthorized
   electronic fund transfers from your bank account. To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARE™, which will
   provide you with fraud resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired. Again, this protection is
   being offered at no cost to you.
   You can register for these services by visiting the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/alert or calling (877)
   297-7780 and providing the following activation code: ABCDEFGHIJKL. You have until November 30, 2013 to register.
   Enrollment in ProtectMyID membership does not affect your credit score.
   You can also place a fraud alert with the major credit reporting agencies on your credit files, their contact information is as
   follows:
    Equifax                   Equifax Information Services LLC                      800-525-6285           www.equifax.com
                              P.O. Box 105069
                              Atlanta, GA 30348-5069

   * Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description provided in this
   letter is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the
   policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available
   in all jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                                                  90561-LV1
Experian               Experian Fraud Reporting                         888-397-3742           www.experian.com
                       P.O. Box 9554
                       Allen, Texas 75013
TransUnion             TransUnion LLC                                   800-680-7289           www.transunion.com
                       P.O. Box 6790
                       Fullerton, California 92834-6790
A fraud alert lasts 90 days, and requires potential creditors to use “reasonable policies and procedures” to verify your
identity before issuing credit in your name (as soon as one agency is notified, the others are notified to place fraud alerts
as well). When you contact these agencies, you can also request that they provide a copy of your credit report. Review
your reports carefully to ensure that the information contained in them is accurate. If you see anything on your credit
reports or credit card account statements that appear incorrect, contact the credit reporting agency or your credit card
provider, and report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, the Attorney General, or the FTC.
Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports or account statements, the FTC and other security experts
suggest that you check your credit reports and account statements periodically. You can keep the fraud alert in place at
the credit reporting agencies by calling again after 90 days.
You can also ask these same credit reporting agencies to place a security freeze on your credit report. A security freeze
prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your written
authorization. Please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the
timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services. If you
want to have a security freeze placed on your account, you must make a request in writing by certified mail to the
reporting agencies. The reporting agencies will ask you for certain information about yourself. This will vary depending
on where you live and the credit reporting agency, but normally includes your name, social security number, date of birth,
and current and prior addresses (and proof thereof), and a copy of government-issued identification. The cost to place,
temporarily lift, or permanently lift a credit freeze varies by state, but generally, the credit reporting agencies will charge
$5.00 or $10.00, unless you are the victim of identity theft who has submitted a copy of a valid investigative or incident
report, or complaint with a law enforcement agency, in which case under many state laws it is free. You have the right to a
police report under certain state laws.
If you detect any unauthorized charges on your credit or debit card(s), we strongly suggest that you contact your card
issuer by calling the toll-free number located on the back of your card or on your monthly statement, tell them what you
have seen, and ask them to cancel and reissue the card. You should tell your card issuer that your account may have been
compromised and review all charges on your account for potentially fraudulent activity. We also recommend that you
change your card web account password immediately when you discover unauthorized charges.
Finally, the FTC, your Attorney General and the major credit reporting agencies listed above can provide additional
information on how to avoid identity theft, how to place a fraud alert, and how to place a security freeze on your credit
report. You can contact the FTC on its toll-free Identity Theft helpline: 1-877-438-4338. The FTC’s website is located at
http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft and its address is Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. In Maryland, you can reach the State Attorney General’s office by phone at (888)
743-0023. Its website is http://www.oag.state.md.us/. In North Carolina, you can reach the State Attorney General’s
office by phone at (919) 716-6400. Its website is http://www.ncdoj.gov. Their mailing addresses are:
Douglas F. Gansler                                               Roy A. Cooper
Attorney General of the State of Maryland                        Attorney General of the State of North Carolina
Office of the Attorney General                                   Consumer Protection Division, Attorney General's Office
200 St. Paul Place                                               Mail Service Center 9001
Baltimore, MD 21202                                              Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
We sincerely regret any inconvenience this matter may cause you. I can assure you that we are doing everything we can to
protect our customers and ensure nothing like this happens again. If you have questions about this notice or this incident
or require further assistance, you can reach us at (877) 218-3036, Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm CT (closed on
US-observed holidays). Please provide the following ten-digit reference number when calling: 1291081513.
Thank you,


Erin Castro
Vice President
Shore Mortgage, a division of United Shore Financial Services, LLC
