            Important Message Regarding your Personal Information
Dear (Customer Name),

Thank you for your continued support of Silverado Vineyards. We greatly appreciate your enthusiasm for
our wines.

We are writing to inform you that our third-party ecommerce provider, Missing Link Networks, Inc.
(MLN), was the subject of a recent data security incident. MLN notified us of this incident on June 1,
2015. You are receiving this letter because your credit card number on file may have been among the data
compromised. It appears that list member names, credit card numbers, related payment addresses,
passwords, and dates of birth may have been compromised during the window of April 1, 2015 – April
30, 2015. Since MLN is widely used in the wine industry, you may be hearing from other wineries whose
data was compromised in the same incident.

To date, we have not received any customer notifications regarding fraudulent activity. Missing Link
Networks however, has taken aggressive action to upgrade its security, including making a sizable
investment in system enhancements. Complete details on Missing Link’s initial notification, and any
public updates regarding the ongoing investigation on its website at www.ecellar1.com/faq. Missing Link
has engaged Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC) as a resource for customers, which will provide toll-
free, no cost counseling to help resolve any fraudulent charges and provide support and counseling in the
instance of identity theft, if any. Please contact itrc@idtheftcenter.org for more information.

We assure you that we make the privacy and security of your information a top priority. When MLN
informed us of this incident, we immediately took steps to address the issue. We have required MLN to
delete all existing credit card information for Silverado Vineyards customers. MLN informs us that they
are cooperating with law enforcement and the security compromise has been contained. American
Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover have been notified. However, we also encourage you to closely
monitor your credit card accounts and immediately notify your bank if you notice any suspicious activity.

We take very seriously our duty to safeguard the personal information of our valued customers and
sincerely regret any inconvenience this incident has caused. Please don’t hesitate to contact me at
phiett@silveradovineyards.com or call the winery directly at (707) 257- 1770 with your questions.
Thank you again for your continued support of Silverado Vineyards.


Sincerely,
Pamela Hiett
Vice President, DTC Sales
                                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Review Your Account Statements and Notify Law Enforcement of Suspicious Activity
We recommend that you contact your credit or debit card issuer to determine whether a new card should be
issued and whether additional levels of security or protective measures should be placed on the account. We
also recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit reports closely, and
that you should not provide personal information in response to suspicious emails, especially including those
from an unknown source/sender. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly
notify the financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You should also promptly
report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement
authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission. In Massachusetts, you have the
right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.

Copy of Credit Report
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies once
every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by
completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service,
P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. The FTC advises that you do not contact the three nationwide credit
reporting companies individually, because they are providing free annual credit reports only through
www.annualcreditreport.com, 1-877-322- 8228 or mailing to Annual Credit Report Request Service.

Upon receipt of your credit report, we recommend that you review the “inquiries,” section for names of any
creditors from whom you have not requested credit, and the “personal information,” section for any
inaccuracies. Any unusual activity or information could be a sign of potential identify theft. If you observe
such information, contact the credit bureau listed at the top of the report. Your credit report will be reviewed
by the bureau staff with you, and if any information cannot be explained, you may need to contact the creditors
involved

Contact information for the three national credit reporting agencies is below:
Equifax                                   Experian                         TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241                           P.O. Box 2104                    P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, Georgia 30374                    Allen, TX 75013                  Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111 (general)                  1-888-397-3742                   1-800-888-4213 (general)
1-888-766-0008 (fraud alert)              www.experian.com                 1-800-680-7289 (identity theft and
1-800-685-1111 (security freeze)                                           fraud)
www.equifax.com                                                            www.transunion.com

Fraud Alert
You may also want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and will
state on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within
your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To
place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit reporting agencies identified above.

Security Freeze
In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security free on your credit file. This will prevent new credit
from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the
freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without
your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You
must separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if
you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee of up to $5 to place, lift, or
remove the security freeze. In order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide the consumer
reporting agency with information that identifies you including your full name, Social Security number, date of
birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued identification card, and a recent utility bill,
bank statement or insurance statement.

Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft
Finally, you may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity
theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338).
A copy of Taking Charge What to Do If Your Identity Is Stolen, a comprehensive guide from the FTC to help
you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be found on the FTC’s website at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to
avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.statemd.us, or
calling 410-576-6491.

North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney General at
http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699.
