                                                                                                                                  March 7, 2014

Enduring Financial Wisdom
                                             Dear:


Silversage Advisors®                         Your trust and confidence in our ability to handle your financial affairs is our utmost
Registered Investment Advisor                concern. We are writing to notify you of a recent breach of security. Like any prudent
                                             business, in the event of a natural or unforeseen disaster, we have a disaster recovery
                                             plan in place to ensure the ongoing operations of our firm . In that case, our plan is to
                                             resume normal operations from an offsite location using the backup of client information
19200 Von Karman Avenue
                                             and essential office systems.
Suite 370
Irvine, California 92612
                                             On February 20, 2014, back-up computer drives were stolen from a secure offsite
Tel:   949-223-5175                          location used as part of our disaster recovery plan. Those back-up drives contained
       888-969-7500                          Silversage information including, but not limited to name, address, social security number,
Fax: 949-223-5183
                                             driver's license number and account information . We are informing you immediately, so
                                             you can be on the lookout for any suspicious financial or credit activity because non-
                                             public identity information may be at risk. To the extent we manage an account with
Jeffrey M. Garell, CFP ®. CLU
                                             beneficiaries on your behalf, we recommend that you notify those beneficiaries to take
CA Insurance License #OA28462
                                             the steps recommended in this letter, and we will provide the same credit monitoring for
Daniel D. Sands, CFP®                        them. We assure you that we have taken and continue to take significant measures to
CA Insurance License #0095725                protect client privacy and personal data. The incident has been reported to law
                                             enforcement, and they are investigating the matter. By California law, we are required to
                                             inform you of this breach and request that you be mindful of any suspicious activity.

                                                   •     To help further protect you, Silversage Advisors has partnered with CSID to
                                                         provide one year of Breach Protector™ credit monitoring and identity theft
                                                         restoration coverage as a complimentary service. Please see the attached
                                                         document for details on the coverage and instructions on how to complete
30 I 0 Old Ranch Parkway
                                                         enrollment in this service. Though it may be unlikely you will need these services,
Suite 460
Seal Beach, California 90740
                                                         we strongly encourage enrollment for the best level of protection .
                                                   •     We continue to update security protocols as security technology evolves. In
Tel:   562-594-5670
                                                         response, we have already modified our security and are confident we presently
Fax:   562-594-5681
                                                         are doing all we can to safeguard personal data.
                                                   •     We highly recommend immediately placing a fraud alert on your credit file. Please
                                                         see the backside of the attached document for details.
Douglas W . Baker, CFP®
CA Insurance License #070405 I
                                             We have always taken very seriously the protection of personal client data, and will
                                             continue to pursue all reasonable measures to ensure the protection of your identity and
                                             privacy. Also, please be assured we have multiple steps in place, both in our office and
                                             with Geneos Wealth Management, to protect financial accounts entrusted with our firm
                                             from disconcerting activity.

                                             We value your business and your trust. If you have any questions or need further
                                             information, please call us to discuss at 888-969-7500.

                                             Sincerely,


                                              $
                                             Jeffrey M. Garell, CFp;B)                                                      Daniel D . Sands, CFp;B)
                                             Founding Principal                                                             Managing Principal




Securities offered through Geneos Wealth Management, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC
Advisory services offered through Silversage Advisors® and Geneos Wealth Management, Inc., Registered Investment Advisors
       CSID Breach Protector™

       In today's world, it is common and prudent for each person to use a credit monitoring service. We
       want to do all we can to help protect you. Silversage Advisors has partnered with CSID to provide you
       at no charge with their premium credit and identity protection service for one year. CSID is an
       independent and industry-leading company specializing in credit and identity protection services. The
       Breach Protector TM coverage provides you with the following benefits: I) Increased visibility into any
       possible fraudulent activity so we all can respond more quickly if such activity is detected 2) An
       insurance policy of up to $1,000,000 in coverage should you become a victim of identity theft, and 3) An
       Identity Restoration Team to guide you through the recovery process. We hope that you don't need
       this type of coverage, yet it is standard to have it. If you do not already use a credit monitoring service,
       we encourage you to register as quickly as possible to take advantage of CSID's Breach Protector TM
       coverage.

       The sign-up process is conducted online via CSID's secure website
       http://www.csid.com/breachprotector/. You will need your CSID "PIN Code" shown below. This PIN
       Code can only be used once and cannot be transferred to another individual. Once you have provided
       your PIN Code, you will be prompted to answer a few security questions to authenticate your identity:
       previous addresses, names of creditors and payment amounts.

               PIN Code Information                                            PIN Code Information
Name: «First Name» «Last Name»                                    Name: «Spouse_First_Name» «Spouse_Last_Name»
CSID PIN Code: «PIN 1»                                            CSID PIN Code: «PIN 2»


       Should you have any questions regarding the coverage or the sign-up process, please contact CSID's
       24/7 Customer Care Center at 1-877-274-1442 or email support@csid.com. Once you have enrolled
       and created your username and password, you will return to CSID's page to log in and access your
       personal information on future visits. If you do not have an email address or use the Internet, please
       contact our office for special instructions.

       CSID Breach Protector™ includes: (Include components per contract)
        • Single Bureau Credit Monitoring and Report: Credit related activity including credit inquiries,
             delinquencies, judgments and liens, bankruptcies, new loans, etc.
         • CyberAgent'® Monitoring: CSID's exclusive Internet surveillance technology scours websites,
             chat rooms and bulletin boards 24/7 to identify trading or selling of your personal information online
         • Court Records Monitoring: Know if and when your name, date of birth and Social Security
             number appear in court records for an offense that you did not commit
         • Non-Credit Loan Monitoring: See if your personal information becomes linked to short-term,
             high-interest payday loans that do not require credit inquiries
         •   Change of Address Monitoring: Find out if someone has redirected your mail to get access to
             your bank statements, credit card statements and other important identity-related information
         •   Sex Offender Monitoring: Understand if and when any sex offenders reside or move into your
             zip code, and ensure that your identity isn't being used fraudulently in the sex offender registry
         •   Social Security Number Trace Monitoring: Know if your Social Security number becomes
             associated with another individual's name or address
         •   Identity Theft Insurance: You are insured against expenses in the event that your identity is
             compromised with a $1,000,000 insurance policy
         •   Identity Restoration: Work with a certified identity theft restoration specialist, who will work on
             your behalf to restore your ID and let you get on with your life
                                                      Fraud Alerts

                             Equifax                        Experian           TransUnion
                         P.O. Box 740241                 P.O. Box 2002        P.O. Box 6790
                        Atlanta GA 30374                Allen, TX 75013    Fullerton, CA 92834
                          1-877-478-7625                 1-888-397-3742       1-800-680-7289
                     www.fraudalerts.e1::1uifax.com    www.exRerian.com    www.transunion.com


In addition to completing Breach Protector TM enrollment, we strongly suggest that you contact the fraud
departments of any one of the three major credit-reporting agencies and let them know you may be a
potential victim of identity theft. The agency you choose to notify will contact the other two on your behalf.
Through that process, a "fraud alert" will automatically be placed in each of your three credit reports to notify
creditors not to issue new credit in your name without gaining your permission.
We also encourage you to carefully review your credit report(s). Look for accounts you did not open and
inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. Also review your personal information for accuracy, such as
home address and Social Security number. If you see anything you do not understand or that is inaccurate, call
the credit-reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. Any misuse should be immediately
reported to our firm , local law enforcement, and the institution with the fraudulent activity.

Learn about the FTC's identity theft programs at http://www.ftc.~ov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft
or contact the Federal Trade Commission's toll-free Identity Theft helpline: 1-877-ID-THEFT
( 1-877-438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-4261
