<<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>                                                                    <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




Dear <<MemberFirstName>> <<MemberLastName>>,
We are sending this notification to you as part of Silverberg Surgical and Medical Group’s commitment to patient privacy.
We take the protection and proper use of your information very seriously, and it is important to us that you are made fully
aware of a potential privacy issue.
What Happened? We are sending this notification to you because we recently discovered a security breach involving
some of your personal health information. Based on our investigation, on September 10, 2013 a document scanning device
inadvertently exposed some patient health records to the Internet. The records that were accessible included patient
names, addresses, dates of birth and admission, telephone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses, medical information,
medical record numbers, health plan data and beneficiary numbers, and, in some cases Social Security numbers, State
License numbers and full face photographic images. No passwords, security codes or financial data like account or
credit/debit card numbers were made accessible in connection with this incident.
On August 28, 2015, Silverberg Surgical and Medical Group was made aware of the breach and immediately took the
document scanning device offline and secured its systems and scanners. We have undertaken an extensive investigation
of the matter, including hiring a forensic specialist security firm to assist us in conducting a full investigation of the
incident. We have taken steps to secure any data that was involved in this incident and we have notified the appropriate
state and federal authorities, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
What Are We Doing To Protect You? We realize how important your personal information is to you. As an added
precaution and to help relieve concerns following this incident, we have secured the services of Kroll to provide identity
monitoring at no cost to you for one year. Your identity monitoring services include Credit Monitoring, Web Watcher,
Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan, $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance, and Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration.

     Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com to take advantage of your identity monitoring services.
     Membership Number: <<Member ID>>
We recommend that you read the “Additional Resources” section included with this letter.
If you have questions or need assistance, call 1-844-530-4126, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday.
Kroll’s licensed investigators are standing by. Please have your membership number ready.
We deeply regret that this has happened. We trust that the services we are offering to you demonstrate our continued
commitment to your security and satisfaction.
Sincerely,
Silverberg Surgical and Medical Group




kroll.idMonitoringService.com is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.
To receive credit services, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your name,
and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file. To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-844-530-4126.
                                                                                                                                              930V66-0915
Additional Resources
Contact information for the three nationwide credit reporting agencies is:
Equifax, PO Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374, www.equifax.com, 1-800-685-1111
Experian, PO Box 2104, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com, 1-888-397-3742
TransUnion, PO Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022, www.transunion.com, 1-800-888-4213

Free Credit Report. It is recommended that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing account statements and
monitoring your credit report for unauthorized activity. You may obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, once every 12 months from
each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies. To order your annual free credit report please visit www.annualcreditreport.com
or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. You can also order your annual free credit report by mailing a completed Annual Credit Report Request
Form (available from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.consumer.ftc.gov) to: Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.
   For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia: You that you may obtain a copy of
   your credit report, free of charge, whether or not you suspect any unauthorized activity on your account.

Fraud Alert. You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling one of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies above. A fraud alert tells
creditors to follow certain procedures, including contacting you before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts.
For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit.

Security Freeze. You have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report.
A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your consent. To place a
security freeze on your credit report, you may be able to use an online process, an automated telephone line, or a written request to any of
the three credit reporting agencies listed above. The following information must be included when requesting a security freeze (note that if
you are requesting a credit report for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and
any suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any
applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request must also include a copy
of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be
legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue. The credit reporting agencies may charge a fee of up to $5.00
to place a freeze, or lift or remove a freeze. There will be no charge, if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft,
and you have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the credit reporting agencies.

Federal Trade Commission and State Attorney General’s Offices. If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe
your personal information has been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the attorney general’s office
in your home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center,
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338).
   For residents of Maryland: You may contact the Maryland Attorney General’s Office at Maryland Office of the Attorney General,
   Consumer Protection Division, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, www.oag.state.md.us, 1-888-743-0023.
   For residents of North Carolina: You may contact the North Carolina Attorney General’s office at North Carolina Office of the Attorney
   General, Consumer Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, www.ncdoj.com, 1-877-566-7226.

Reporting of identity theft and obtaining a policy report.
   For residents of Iowa: You are advised to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.
   For residents of Massachusetts: You have the right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.
   For residents of Oregon: You are advised to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement and the Federal Trade Commission.
