          $oren$on                                                          Captionffir*&{*
          Communications.                                            W#lW




IMPORTANT SECURITY ALERT AND URGENT ACTION ITEMS FROM SORENSON COMMUNICATIONS



March 2L,2014

To all United States Sorenson Communications and CaptionCall@ employees:

An email was sent to all employees on March 11 regarding unauthorized access to Sorenson
employee data. This letter is being sent to you as a follow-up communication. lf you did not receive
or were unable to read that email, it is very important for you to know that the personal information
stored in your Sorenson Human Resources (HR) account was subject to unauthorized access. This
means that you and those listed in your Sorenson HR account may be at risk of identity theft and
fraud. You should take action immediately.

On March7,2OL4, we determined that between February 20 and March 3,2OL4, Sorenson's
account with the vendor that handles payroll for Sorenson Communications and CaptionCall@
employees was subject to several malicious attacks. Those attacks successfully accessed personal
information that employees provided as part of their HR data. The personal information accessed
affects you as well as your beneficiaries, dependents, and emergency contacts-those listed in your
Sorenson HR account. Accessed information included name, date of birth, address, Sorenson
income history, Social Security Numbers,W-2 information, and emergency contact data.

Sorenson is investigating this incident with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBl) and the Internal
Revenue Service (lRS). While those investigations are ongoing, they have not required us to delay
notifying you of this incident. Since learning of the data theft, Sorenson has implemented additional
levels of security. We are taking every step necessary to address employee concerns and to provide
employees and all those affected with credit and identity theft protection through Experian
Corporation, one of the three major U.S. credit reporting and protection companies.

At this time, Sorenson has no evidence that employees' banking information was exposed.
However, you may want to inform your bank and other financial institutions that your personal
information has been compromised.
It is important that you remain vigilant about protecting yourself and those listed in your Sorenson
HR account from identity theft and fraud. There are a number of steps you should take, including
informing the credit reporting agencies that your information has been compromised and diligently
monitoring your bank accounts and credit reports for indications of fraud. lf you have not done so
already, please follow the instructions in the March 11 email to enroll in the company-provided
credit monitoring and to take other protective measures. lf you have dependents or others listed in
your Sorenson HR account, you were also sent an email on March 14. Please complete the
instructions in both email(sl as soon as possible! While this takes time and is inconvenient, it is
very important that you protect yourself and those you may have listed in your Sorenson HR
account. lf vou did not receive emoil from Sorenson on March 77. vou should immediatelv contact
Human Resources Support at hrsupport@sorenson.com to obtain activation codes and instructions
for credit monitoring and identity theft insurance provided by the company at no cost to you. The
enclosed information does not replace the information in the emails, but provides a review of it.

To verifli who is listed in your HR account, and the information stored for each contact, visit UltiPro
at https://n11.ultipro.com. log in, click on "Myself," and select "Contacts" from the menu.

Sorenson sincerely regrets and apologizes to you and to your families for this unfortunate situation.
lf you have additional questions about this information or the instructions included in the emails,
please email hrsupport@sorenson.com.




 ice President, Human Resources
Sorenson Comm unications


                                  ADDITIONAL           I   N   FORMATION
                 Please retain this important letter       - you may want to refer to it again.

    Because vour personal information has been compromised. vou should:

1.) Enroll in Experian's ProtectMylD Alert service. Sorenson Communications is providing a prepaid,
one-year membership to this service for each employee and those listed in Sorenson HR accounts. lf
you have not done so already, it is important that you take advantage of this offer right away.
Experian's ProtectMylD Alert service helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and
provides you with superior identity protection support focused on immediate identification and
resof ution of identity theft. The toll-free number for questions about enrollment is 877-371-7902.
The enrolf ment deadline is June 30,2Ot4. lf vou hove not received emoils with instructions and
activation codes. vou should contact Sorenson Human Resources at hrsupport@sorenson.com os
soon as possible.

You can obtain additional information about fraud alerts and security credit freezes by contacting
the following U.S. credit reporting agencies:

       Equifax                   Experian                       TransUnion
      PO Box 740256              PO Box 9554                    PO Box 5790
      Atlanta, GA 30374          Allen, TX 75013                Fullerton, CA 92834
      www.equifax.com            www.experia n.com              www.tra nsu nion.com
      800-52s-5285               888-397-37 42                  800-580-7289
 2.) Place a security freeze on credit files. State laws also provide immediate protection though a
security freeze placed on credit files. Security freezes are only available to those who have credit
files. To learn more, visit https://www.experian.com/freeze/center.html. Note: There may be a
small charge for placing a freeze on credit files - this varies by state. After submitting an expense
report, Sorenson will reimburse you for the security freeze costs for those associated with your
Sorenson HR account. Sorenson is reimbursing only for the cost of security freezes. See the
Experian website about the use and effects of setting and removing a security freeze.

3.) Call the IRS fraud reporting office at 800-908;t490 to report compromised tax information.

4.) After calling the lRS, fill out the individual IRS Form 14039. This form is available at
http:/ /www.irs.sov/Help-&-Resources Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-lndividuals/Frequentlv-Asked-Tax-
Qu   e   stio ns-&-Answe rs /l RS- P roced    u   res /Re po rti ng- F ra ud / Re po rti ng- F ra ud.


5.) You may atso consider contacting your state Attorney General; contact information is available
at : http   ://www.   naa   g.o rg/cu rre   nt-atto rnevs-ge     ne ra l. ph p.


lf vour personal information has been used fraudulentlv. vou should:

1.) Use the Sorenson police report number L4-367t3 if requested from law enforcement
authorities. This will expedite your reporting process. Note that this case number was provided by
the Unified Police Department of Salt Lake (Salt Lake County, UT U.S.A). You may obtain a copy of
the full police report by requesting it from hrsupport@sorenson.com. You might also consider
contacting your local police.

2.) Notify the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that your information has been used fraudulently.
The FTC identity theft hotline is 877-438-4338. Reference the police report number above. The FTC
will also give you a reference number for your records. The FTC provides information about identity
theft online at www.ftc.eov/idtheft. The FTC's address is:

                            Federal Trade Commission
                            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                            Washington, DC 20580

3.1 Determine        what other precautionary measures might be appropriate for your circumstances.

o        Consider obtaining an IRS Electronic Filing PlN, if you do not already have one.
         Visit http://www.irs.eov/lndividuals/Electronic-Filins-PlN-Request or call 866-704-7388 and
         follow the system prompts.

o        Manage personal information.
         Take precautionary steps to protect personal information, such as carrying only essential
         documents. Be aware when sharing personal information. Shred receipts, statements, and
         other sensitive information when no longer needed.

.        Use tools from credit providers.
         Carefully review credit reports, bank, credit card, and other account statements at least
         quarterly. Proactively create alerts on credit card and bank accounts for suspicious activity. lf
         unauthorized or suspicious activity is discovered, do not delav! Take action immediately.

.        For general information regarding protecting.personal information, visit
         http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identitv-theft.html.
