	  




October 17, 2014




                   «b_firstname» «b_lastname»
                   «b_address»
                   «b_address_2»
                   «b_city», «b_state» «b_zipcode»

Dear Sourcebooks Customer,

We value your business and respect the privacy of your information, which is why, as a precautionary measure, we are
writing to let you know about a data security breach that may involve your personal information.

Sourcebooks recently learned that there was a breach of the shopping cart software that supports our website,
putmeinthestory.com, on April 16, 2014 – June 19, 2014 and unauthorized parties were able to gain access to customer
credit card information. The credit card information included card number, expiration date, cardholder name and card
verification value (CVV2). The billing account information included first name, last name, email address, phone number,
and address. In some cases, shipping information was included as first name, last name, phone number, and address. In
some cases, account password was obtained. To our knowledge, the data accessed did not include any Track Data, PIN
Number, Printed Card Verification Data (CVD). We are currently in the process of having a third-party forensic audit
done to determine the extent of this breach.

Our top priority right now is taking care of you and helping you feel confident about ordering from us, and it is our
responsibility to protect your information when you shop with us.

Please know that as soon as the appropriate people became aware of the problem, we began moving as quickly as possible
to respond to your concerns and to guard against something like this happening again. Specifically, we have:

       1. Implemented new security measures in accordance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards.
       2. Hired a firm of experts to determine exactly how this happened so we can put measures in place to prevent it from
       happening again.
       3. Revised our internal processes in order to be able to identify any potential issues as quickly as possible.
       4. Set up a toll-free information line for any customers with questions. For further information and assistance, please
       contact us at 844-810-1155 between 8:30 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. CST daily, or visit www.putmeinthestory.com/cardfaq

I do want to take a moment to reassure you that you have zero liability for any fraudulent charges on your credit card. As
a precautionary measure, you should monitor activity on your card and account statements for the next 12 to 24 months
and promptly report incidents of suspected identity theft to your financial institution or card provider. You also should
promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities,
your state attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). To file a complaint with the FTC, go to
www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). Complaints filed with the FTC will be added to the FTC’s
Identity Theft Data Clearinghouse, which is a database made available to law enforcement agencies. You have the right to
obtain a police report regarding the breach if/when one exists.



	  
	  




Additionally, you may want to consider monitoring your credit activity through one of the major credit reporting agencies.
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major reporting agencies once every 12 months by
visiting www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request
Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. At the website
www.annualcreditreport.com/requestReport/requestForm.action, you can print a copy of the request form, or you can elect
to purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies. Contact
information for the three major credit reporting agencies is included at the end of this letter. These agencies will be able to
provide information about fraud alerts and security freezes.

You may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free and will stay on your
credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests
that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report,
contact the three credit reporting agencies using the contact information provided below.

In some US states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new credit from being
opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate the freeze. A security freeze
is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a result, using a
security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. You must separately place a security freeze on
your credit file with each credit reporting agency. Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting
agency there may be a fee up to $5 to place, lift or remove the security freeze.

I know this breach may have had a very real impact on you, causing frustration and concern. We share those feelings. You
trusted us with your information, and you deserve better.

We want to earn back your trust and ensure that we deliver the personalized experience you know and love. We are
determined to make things right for you, and we will.

Sincerely,

Dominique Raccah
CEO and Owner
Sourcebooks, Inc.


   Equifax                                  Experian                            TransUnion, LLC                    Federal Trade Commission
   Equifax Consumer Fraud Division          475 Anton Blvd.                     P.O. Box 2000                      600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
   P.O. Box 740256                          Costa Mesa, CA 92626                Chester, PA 19022-2000             Washington, DC 20580
   Atlanta, GA 30374                        www.experian.com                    www.transunion.com                 www.ftc.gov
   www.equifax.com                          (888) 397-3742                      (855) 681-3196                     www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov	  
   (888) 766-0008                           	                                  	  
   	  
   Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft
   You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity theft. For more information, please visit
   www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338). A copy of Take Charge: Fighting Back Against Identity Theft, a comprehensive
   guide from the FTC to help you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be found on the FTC’s website at
   www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.

   Maryland residents may also wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to avoid identity theft at
   www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.stat.md.us, or calling 410-576-6491.
   	  



	  
