From: Spring Mountain Vineyard [mailto:customercare@springmtn.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 10:24 PM
To: Joe Smith
Subject: [PREVIEW] Important Message Regarding Your Personal Information




                    Important Message Regarding Your Personal Information




Thank you for your ongoing support of Spring Mountain Vineyard.

We are writing to inform you that our consumer direct sales system provider, Missing Link Networks Inc.
(Missing Link) notified us on May 27, 2015 that their platform had a security incident during the window
of April 1, 2015 to April 30, 2015. Because Missing Link is widely used in the wine industry, you may
receive similar notices from other affected wineries. Missing Link has advised us that the unauthorized
third party gained access to customer names, credit card and debit card numbers, the related billing
addresses, passwords, and dates of birth in their system up to April 30. You are receiving this letter
because your information may have been compromised. To the extent it was in Missing Link’s system,
this access reportedly did not include driver license numbers, Social Security numbers or CVV verification
numbers. However, this is not data which we typically collected.

We assure you the privacy and security of your information is our top priority. Missing Link informs us
that they are cooperating with law enforcement and the security compromise has been contained.
Additionally, Missing Link reports they are currently in the process of converting to a “token” system so
that credit card numbers will no longer be stored by them. Missing Link advises us that American
Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover have been notified. We encourage you to closely monitor your
credit and debit card accounts and immediately notify your bank if you notice any suspicious activity. We
recommend that you log into your Spring Mountain Vineyard online account and update your password
here.

We encourage you to consult the attached information concerning additional steps you can take to
protect your credit, your accounts, and your identity; you also should notify your credit card company or
financial institution to determine what additional security or other protective measures can be placed on
your account or if you notice any suspicious activities. In addition, Missing Link offers you a number of
options to protect your information. Complete details on Missing Link’s initial notification, and any public
updates regarding the ongoing investigation on its website at www.ecellar1.com/faq. Missing Link has
also suggested Identity Theft Resource Center (ITRC) as a resource for customers, which has
represented it will provide toll-free, no cost counseling to help resolve fraudulent charges and provide
support and counseling in the instance of identity theft, if any. Please contact itrc@idtheftcenter.org for
more information.

In addition to alerting you to the incident, we are offering you data breach resolution services at no cost
to you. We have engaged Experian®, the largest credit bureau in the US, to offer you complimentary
Fraud Resolution and identity protection for one-year. Please reply to this email to receive instructions in
order to activate these services.

We sincerely regret any inconvenience this incident has caused. We welcome you to contact us at email
customercare@springmtn.com with your questions.

Sincerely,




SPRING MOUNTAIN VINEYARD




                                     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION




Review Your Account Statements and Notify Law Enforcement of Suspicious Activity

We recommend that you contact your credit or debit card issuer to determine whether a new card should
be issued and whether additional levels of security or protective measures should be placed on the
account. We also recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit
reports closely, and that you should not provide personal information in response to suspicious emails,
especially including those from an unknown source/sender. If you detect any suspicious activity on an
account, you should promptly notify the financial institution or company with which the account is
maintained. You should also promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of
identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, and/or the Federal
Trade Commission. In Massachusetts, you have the right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of
identity theft.




Copy of Credit Report
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies
once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or
by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. The FTC advises that you do not contact the three
nationwide credit reporting companies individually, because they are providing free annual credit reports
only through www.annualcreditreport.com, 1-877-322- 8228 or mailing to Annual Credit Report Request
Service.




Upon receipt of your credit report, we recommend that you review the “inquiries,” section for names of
any creditors from whom you have not requested credit, and the “personal information,” section for any
inaccuracies. Any unusual activity or information could be a sign of potential identify theft. If you
observe such information, contact the credit bureau listed at the top of the report. Your credit report will
be reviewed by the bureau staff with you, and if any information cannot be explained, you may need to
contact the creditors involved




Contact information for the three national credit reporting agencies is below:

Equifax                                 Experian                     TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241
                                                                     P.O. Box 2000

Atlanta, Georgia 30374                  P.O. Box 2104
                                                                     Chester, PA 19022

1-800-685-1111 (general)                Allen, TX 75013
                                                                     1-800-888-4213 (general)

1-888-766-0008 (fraud alert)            1-888-397-3742
                                                                     1-800-680-7289 (identity theft and
                                                                     fraud)
1-800-685-1111 (security freeze)        www.experian.com

                                                                     www.transunion.com
www.equifax.com




Fraud Alert

You may also want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial fraud alert is free
and will state on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors of possible fraudulent
activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing any accounts in
your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the three credit reporting
agencies identified above.




Security Freeze

In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security free on your credit file. This will prevent new
credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you
initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit
report without your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability
to obtain credit. You must separately place a security freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting
agency. Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a
fee of up to $5 to place, lift, or remove the security freeze. In order to place a security freeze, you may
be required to provide the consumer reporting agency with information that identifies you including your
full name, Social Security number, date of birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-
issued identification card, and a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement.




Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

Finally, you may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid
identity theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-
438-4338). A copy of Taking Charge What to Do If Your Identity Is Stolen, a comprehensive guide from
the FTC to help you guard against and deal with identity theft, can be found on the FTC’s website at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/idtheft/idt04.shtm.




Maryland residents may wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney General on how to
avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to
idtheft@oag.statemd.us, or calling 410-576-6491.




North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North Carolina Attorney General
at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC
27699.
                           2805 Spring Mountain Road • St Helena, CA 94574 • 707.967.4188
                                www.springmountainvineyard.com • info@springmtn.com




You have received this email from Spring Mountain Vineyard because you expressed
interest. If you no longer wish to receive email from Spring Mountain Vineyard,
please click here.

Spring Mountain Vineyard
2805 Spring Mountain Rd
St. Helena CA, 94574
