                                                                     Health Information Management
                                                                     1800 N. California Street
                                                                     Stockton, CA 95204
                                                                     209 467 6343 Phone
                                                                     209 461 6882 Fax
                                                                     StJosephsCares.org
PO Box 2685
Faribault, MN 55021-9685

March 21, 2012

<<barcode>>
<<name1>>
<<address1>>
<<city>> <<state>> <<zip>>


At St. Joseph’s Medical Center, we understand that our patients’ personal information is
important, and we are committed to protecting it. This commitment includes notifying our
patients if we believe that the security of their personal information may have been compromised.
We regret to inform you that a recent incident may have exposed your personal information to an
unintended audience.

On February 2, 2012, we discovered that a storeroom window had been broken at the HealthCare
Clinical Laboratory (HCCL) Patient Service Center located at 89 W. March Lane, Stockton, and
that two storage boxes containing HCCL lab requisition forms were missing from the center. We
were able to determine that the missing lab requisition forms related to certain laboratory services
provided between December 13, 2011, and January 5, 2012, and also between January 17, 2012,
and January 31, 2012. The police were notified of the break-in and resulting missing boxes and a
police report has been filed. During our ongoing investigation it was determined on March 16,
2012 that your information was also missing for services received between October 24, 2011 and
November 18, 2011.

The lab requisition forms that were taken from the center included a record containing your name,
insurance information, address, phone number, and social security number. Because your
personal information was taken during the break-in at the center, we recommend that you take
proactive steps to protect your credit by monitoring your credit reports. To aid you in these
efforts, St. Joseph’s Medical Center will be happy to provide for your enrollment at no charge in
a credit monitoring service. If you would like to enroll yourself for 1 year of triple bureau credit
monitoring from IDT911 at no charge to you, you can visit this website:
https://enrollment.monitormyidentity.com/. If you do not have access to enroll online you may
call this toll free number for assistance (800) 405-6108. When you enroll, please use this code:
«code».

As an additional step, we suggest that you contact any one of the three major credit bureaus and
have a “fraud alert” placed on your credit file. A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you
before new accounts are opened in your name. You will also be automatically sent copies of your
current credit files.

You only need to call one of the credit bureaus, but the fraud alert will be placed in all three files.
The three major credit bureaus and their toll-free numbers are:
    o   Equifax; 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com
    o   Experian: 1-888-397-3742; www.experian.com/fraud
    o   TransUnion: 1/800-680-7289; www.transunion.com

When you receive your credit reports, examine them carefully. Look for accounts that you did
not open. Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal
information, such as home address and Social Security number to make sure they are accurate. If
you see anything that you do not understand, call the credit bureau at the telephone number on the
report.

Even if you do not find any signs of fraud, the California Office of Privacy Protection
recommends that you check your credit reports every three months for the next year.

For an official copy of your credit report visit www.annualcreditreport.com

We sincerely regret that this incident occurred. We are reviewing our security procedures and
policies, including increasing our security measures, and we will take additional precautions to
try to prevent this type of theft from happening again. Please feel free to contact Judy Ferrari,
Facility Privacy Official, at 209-467-6343, if you have any questions.

Sincerely,




Judy Ferrari, Facility Privacy Official
St. Joseph’s Medical Center, Dignity Health
Please include this information as a separate attachment to letter:
Detailed Steps and code

Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit file and
help you to understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit reporting agencies. The key
features and benefits are listed below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring of your Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion credit reports with
    daily notification of key changes to your credit files from any of the three agencies.
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o $20,000 in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your Equifax credit
    information, to provide personalize identity theft victim assistance and in initiating an investigation of
    inaccurate information.

How to Enroll
Equifax has a simple Internet-based verification and enrollment process.

Visit: www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
1. Consumer Information: complete the form with your contact information (name, address and e-mail
     address) and click “Continue” button. The information is provided in a secured environment.
2. Identity Verification: complete the form with your Social Security Number, date of birth, telephone #s,
     create a User Name and Password, agree to the Terms of Use and click “Continue” button. The system
     will ask you up to two security questions to verify your identity.
3. Payment Information: During the "check out" process, provide the following promotional code:
     _________ in the “Enter Promotion Code” box. (No spaces, include dash.) After entering your code
     press the “Apply Code” button and then the “Submit Order” button at the bottom of the page. (This
     code eliminates the need to provide a credit card number for payment.)
4. Order Confirmation: – Click “View My Product” to access your 3-in-1 Credit Report and other product
     features.

To sign up for US Mail delivery of the product, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit
Watch automated enrollment process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US Mail
only.

1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as shown above (no spaces, no
    dash)
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home address, name,
    date of birth and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access your credit
    file and to monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax cannot process your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that you will
    receive your Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your identity) or a
    Customer Care letter with further instructions (if your identity can not be verified using the
    information provided).

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors of
possible fraudulent activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to establishing
any accounts in your name. Once the fraud alert is added to your credit report, all creditors should contact
you prior to establishing any account in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit file, visit:
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or you may contact our auto fraud line at 1-877-478-7625, and follow the
simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been placed with Equifax, a notification will be sent to the other
two credit reporting agencies, Experian and Trans Union, on your behalf.
