 NOTICE ADMINISTRATOR
 P.O. BOX 2742
 FARIBAULT, MN 55021-9742
 I MP O R TA N T N OTICE

 *0123456789*
 NAME1
 NAME2
 ADDRESS1
 ADDRESS2
 CITY STATE ZIP
 COUNTRY




Dear St. Mary Medical Center Patient:                                                                             May 14, 2012

St. Mary Medical Center is committed to protecting your personal information. This commitment includes notifying our
patients if we believe that the security of your medical information may have been compromised. We regret to inform you
that a recent incident may have exposed your medical information to an unintended audience.
On May 8, 2012, we discovered that an unencrypted thumb drive with patient names, account numbers, diagnosis, dates
of admission and discharge, physicians’ names, account numbers and medical record numbers was lost. To date, we have
not been able to locate this thumb drive. The thumb drive did not contain your social security number, your driver’s license
number or your home address.
Storing patient information on an unencrypted drive is strictly against Hospital policy. We take this matter very seriously and
we are investigating it thoroughly. We sincerely regret that this occurred. We are reviewing our security policies and procedures,
including increasing computer and information technology security education to prevent this from happening again.
As a precaution, we suggest that you contact any one of the three major credit bureaus and have a “fraud alert” placed on your
credit file. A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before new accounts are opened in your name. You also will be
automatically sent copies of your current credit files.
You only need to call one of the credit bureaus, but the fraud alert will be placed in all three files. The three major credit
bureaus and their toll-free numbers are:
      •	 Equifax; 1-800-525-6285 or www.equifax.com
      •	 Experian: 1-888-397-3742 or www.experian.com/fraud
      •	 TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289 or www.transunion.com
When you receive your credit reports, examine them carefully. Look for accounts that you did not open. Look for inquiries
from creditors that you did not initiate. Finally, look for personal information, such as home address and social security
number to make sure they are accurate. If you see anything that you do not understand, call the credit bureau at the
telephone number on the report.
Even if you do not find any signs of fraud, the California Office of Privacy Protection recommends that you check your credit
reports every three months for the next year. For an official copy of your credit report visit www.annualcreditreport.com.
Please feel free to call 1-800-804-4728 if you have any questions about this matter.
Sincerely,




Pamela Arundel, R.N.
Facility Privacy Official
