                                                                        Free Identity Protection
                                                                        Redemption Code: {RedemptionCode}
                                                                        Enroll at enroll.allclearid.com
                                                                        Assistance Hotline: {1-855-731-6016}

Processing Center · P.O Box 3825 · Suwanee, GA 30024



 Parent/Guardian of First Name Last Name                                         Date

 Address_1

 Address_2

 City, State, Zip



 Dear Parent/Guardian of [First Name Last Name]:



 On behalf of the Stanford School of Medicine and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, we regret to
 inform you of the theft of a physician’s laptop computer. The theft occurred Wednesday evening,
 January 9, 2013 when the physician’s car was broken into and the incident was immediately
 reported to the local police department. Stanford School of Medicine and Lucile Packard
 Children’s Hospital were notified of the incident the next morning. The laptop was protected with
 a strong 8-character password. While we are not aware of any inappropriate access to
 information on the computer, we are letting you know of this out of an abundance of caution since
 some information about your child was on the computer.

 Limited information relating to care provided at Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital or to research
 conducted by the Stanford School of Medicine was contained on the computer. The computer did
 not contain your or your child’s Social Security Number, credit card number or financial account
 information. In some instances, the information included names, dates of birth, and/or contact
 information. Although the information on the computer is not the type that ordinarily poses a risk
 of identity theft, in order to help allay any concern you may have, we have arranged identity
 protection services at no cost to you. These services are provided by AllClear ID and include the
 protections described in the enclosed materials. This service will be valid for one year from the
 date you register, if you choose to do so. If you wish to enroll in this service, you must register
 with AllClear ID and provide the redemption code at the top of this page. You may register online
 at enroll.allclearID.com or by phone at Assistance Hotline: 1-855-731-6016 (toll free).

 Please accept our deepest apology for any concern that this situation may cause you. We regret
 that this incident occurred and want to assure you that our policies and procedures require strong
 safeguards for health information. Stanford School of Medicine and Lucile Packard Children’s



       Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at 725 Welch Road, MC 5780;Palo Alto, CA 94304
Hospital are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our patient’s health information.
As part of this commitment, we will continue to review and strengthen our policies, procedures,
and practices in order to reduce the chance that this will happen again. Should you need
additional information about this incident or would like to talk to someone about this letter, please
call 1-855-731-6016 (toll free).

Sincerely,




Diane Meyer                                              Hilary Cox, Esq., CIPP
Vice President, Chief Privacy Officer                    Privacy Officer
Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital                       Stanford University School of Medicine




    Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at 725 Welch Road, MC 5780;Palo Alto, CA 94304
