        Stater Bros. Markets asks for Public’s Help in Apprehending Criminals Who Placed
                              Skimmer at West Covina Supermarket


In cooperation with the West Covina Police Department, Stater Bros. Markets requests the public’s help
in apprehending three suspects who placed a skimmer device on a pin pad in the deli department at a
Stater Bros. Supermarket located at 375 North Azusa Avenue in West Covina. An in-store camera
captured the photographs of the suspects, See the images of the suspects below.

Stater Bros. takes seriously the security of payment card information. Regrettably, on April 8, 2015, we
discovered that three suspects connected a small data capture device to the pin pad of a point-of-sale
terminal in the deli area of our West Covina, California store. Upon discovery of the criminal activity,
Stater Bros immediately launched an investigation and contacted local law enforcement. During our
investigation, we determined that no other Stater Bros store was affected. Our video surveillance
recordings revealed that the suspects installed the single device on March 5, 2015 and removed it on
March 29, 2015. We believe the device was designed to record information sent to the register from the
pin pad on the terminal and it may have recorded cardholder names, card account numbers, expiration
dates, verification codes, and debit card PIN (if you used a debit card and entered a PIN) during this
limited timeframe.

If you used your card at the register in the deli of our West Covina store between March 5, 2015 and
March 29, 2015, we recommend that you regularly review your account statements for any unauthorized
activity. If you used a debit card, you should change your PIN. Contact the bank that issued your card if
you see any unauthorized charges. The credit card companies typically guarantee that cardholders will
not be responsible for fraudulent charges. You should also review the additional information below on
ways to protect yourself.

Keeping payment card information secure is a top priority at Stater Bros, and we have accelerated pre-
existing plans to provide multiple layers of protection for cardholders’ data to prevent this type of
occurrence at any of its supermarket locations. We also have enhanced our policies and procedures
designed to prevent unauthorized devices from being connected to point-of-sale terminals located in
Stater Bros stores. We are working with the credit card companies and processors to provide them with
the account numbers for cards used during the period at issue so that the banks that issued those cards can
be alerted. When banks receive these alerts, they can conduct heightened monitoring of transactions to
detect and prevent any unauthorized charges.

If you have any information regarding these suspects, or if you have any questions regarding the incident,
please call us toll free at 1-855-782-8377, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Monday through
Friday.
                  MORE INFORMATION ON WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF

We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and credit reports for any
unauthorized activity. You may obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, once every 12 months
from each of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. To order your annual free credit report
please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the
three nationwide credit reporting companies is as follows:

Equifax, PO Box 740241, Atlanta, GA 30374, www.equifax.com, 1-800-525-6285
Experian, PO Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com, 1-888-397-3742
TransUnion, PO Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022, www.transunion.com, 1-800-680-7289

If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has
been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the attorney
general’s office in your home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:

Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.ftc.gov
1-877-438-4338

You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft
as well as information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law
enforcement authorities and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to
provide copies to creditors to correct your records.
