STATE OF CALIFORNIA - HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES AGENCY                                         Edmund G. Brown Jr., Governor
CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CHILD SUPPORT SERVICES
Business Return – MS – 635, P.O. Box 419064, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741-9064




     [Date]


     Name (include Mr./Ms./Ph.D.)
     Organization
     Address Line 1
     Address Line 2
     City, California Zip

     SUBJECT: SECURITY INCIDENT NOTIFICATION

     Dear Mr. /Ms. Person:

     We are contacting you because on March 12, 2012, the California Department of Child Support
     Services learned that contracted service providers, International Business Machines (IBM) and Iron
     Mountain Inc., could not locate several specialized computer storage devices containing personal
     information of parents, caregivers and children maintained by our department. The devices were in
     transit from IBM’s facility in Colorado to California. Upon arrival, several devices were missing. The
     State is continuing to work with IBM and Iron Mountain to recover these storage devices but, to date,
     the storage devices have not been found.

     We are writing to notify you of this incident and to assist you in taking action to minimize or eliminate
     any potential harm. It is important that you know that the missing storage devices are in a specialized
     format and there is no evidence to date that the information has been misused in any way. However, it
     is possible that your personal information may be impacted by this incident.

     The Department has determined that the devices contained forms and scanned document images
     which included one or more of the following pieces of personal information:
             First and last name
             Mailing address
             Social Security number
             Driver License or Identification Number
             Name of Health Insurance Carrier or Provider
             Health Insurance Plan Membership Identification Number
             Employer Information

     Because of the type of personal information involved, we recommend you consider taking the
     precautionary measures listed below. We have advised the three major U.S. credit reporting agencies
     (Experian, Equifax and TransUnion) of this incident, as well as the California Attorney General’s Office
     and the State Office of Privacy Protection.




         DCSS-IS-2012-ISO-0006
RECOMMENDED PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES:

   1) Fraud alert. You may place a fraud alert on your credit files by following the steps outlined in
      the Privacy Protection Recommendations’ enclosure.

   2) Order a free copy of your credit reports. You may order a free copy of your credit reports by
      following the steps outlined in the Privacy Protection Recommendations’ enclosure.

   3) Continue to monitor your credit reports. Check your credit reports, financial accounts and health
      insurance information periodically for identity theft. Should you find suspicious activity on your
      credit reports, contact your local law enforcement agency – police or sheriff’s office.

   4) Keep a copy of this notice for your records. It is important for you to know that the personal
      information potentially exposed is limited to that previously described. The Department of Child
      Support systems do not contain any personal medical record information, such as physician
      name, treatment plans or medical diagnosis. Your medical records have not been exposed by
      this incident.

For additional privacy protection recommendations, including how to take steps to protect the identity of
your children, please visit the web site of the California Office of Privacy Protection at
www.privacy.ca.gov.

For additional information, including status updates about the missing storage devices, please visit the
web site www.childsup.ca.gov. If your questions are still not answered, you may call the Department of
Child Support Services at (866) 904-7674.

Si necessita assistencia in Español, llame al centro de llamadas del Departamento del Estado de
Servicios de Manutención de Niños al 866-904-7674

Again, we regret that this incident occurred and want to assure you that we are reviewing the
circumstances that caused this incident. We will continue to work with our business partners to
minimize future risks.

Sincerely,



Interim Director

Enclosure
