                  Lee’s Deli – Legal Notice of Potential Security Incident (8/5/2015)

We recently learned that unauthorized individuals installed malicious software on computer systems used
to process credit card transactions at our Lee’s Deli locations at 75 Battery Street in San Francisco, CA
and 4200 Bohannon Drive in Menlo Park, CA. While we do not know whether a particular customer’s
personal information has been or will be misused, we are providing this notice as a precaution to inform
potentially affected customers of the incident and to call their attention to some steps they can take to help
protect themselves. We sincerely apologize for any frustration or concern this may cause.

Based upon an extensive forensic investigation, it appears that unauthorized individuals installed
malicious software designed to capture payment card information (including payment card account
number, card expiration date, and the CVV security code) on the point-of-sale systems used at the Battery
Street and Bohannon Drive locations. Payment card information for customers that made a payment card
transaction between January 4, 2015, and May 20, 2015, at the Battery Street location and between
November 3, 2014, and February 13, 2015, at the Bohannon Drive location, may be at risk. At this time,
there is no indication that the malware affected any of our other point-of-sale or network systems.

We take the privacy of personal information seriously, and deeply regrets that this incident occurred. We
have taken steps to address this incident, including by (i) engaging outside forensic experts to assist us in
investigating and remediating the situation, (ii) promptly rendering the malware inoperable, and (iii)
replacing and reconfiguring various components of our point-of-sale systems. While we are continuing to
review and enhance our security measures, the incident has been contained.

We want to make customers aware of steps they can take to guard against fraud. At this time, we
recommend that customers review their credit and debit card account statements as soon as possible in
order to determine if there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. Customers should continue to
monitor their statements for unusual activity going forward. If they see anything they do not understand
or that looks suspicious, or if they suspect that any fraudulent transactions have taken place, they should
call the bank that issued their credit or debit card immediately.

If you believe you may have been affected by this incident and have additional questions or concerns, you
may contact us at 415-986-1892 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 5:00 PM (Pacific Time), Monday
through Friday, or via email at info@leesdeli.com. Again, we are sorry that this incident occurred and for
any worry it may cause our customers.
