From: The Straight Dope <reply@suntimesmail.com>
Date: Tue, Jan 7, 2014 at 4:48 PM
Subject: Important Message about your Straight Dope Account and Password 1/7/2014
To:




 Our security team recently discovered that the Straight Dope message board forum was
 targeted and hacked. This resulted in the illegal acquisition of message board users'
 information, namely usernames, email addresses, and Straight Dope message board
 passwords. Given this incident, we recommend that you take the following steps as promptly
 as possible:

     1. Change your Straight Dope Password: Visit the Straight Dope Message Board forums
        at http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/profile.php?do=editpassword. Please
        promptly choose a new password (do not use the same password you used with us
        previously). Changing your password will help ensure that your account is not used
        by an unauthorized individual.
     2. Protect Your Passwords Across the Web: We highly recommend that if you used the
        same password on other online accounts or to access your email account, you choose
        a new password on those websites and for your email accounts. In general, security
        experts strongly recommend that you not use the same password across multiple
        websites (this includes not using the same password to access your email accounts).

 All passwords in our system were protected using hashing, which is a scrambled version of
 your password. Thus if your password isn't very complex, the hacker could use brute force to
 figure out your password by trying lots of combinations. For this reason we recommend that
 you take the steps we have outlined above. In addition, we are taking several steps to prevent
 unauthorized access to our systems to protect your information. We are also working with
 law enforcement officials and conducting our own investigations. Go to
 http://www.straightdope.com/pages/about_identity_theft.html for other steps you can take to
 protect yourself when faced with potential identity theft, as well as helpful contact numbers
 where you can obtain more information about preventing identity theft.

 We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused. As a reminder, the Straight Dope
 message board does not collect or store any social security numbers or credit card numbers,
 and thus no such information was impacted in this incident.

 If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to contact our support team
 at 1-800- 645-0375 or support@straightdope.com.
 Copyright © 2014 Sun-Times Media, LLC.

 This email was sent by: Sun-Times Media, LLC
 350 Orleans St., 10th Floor
 Chicago, IL, 60654 USA
