June 5, 2013




      ##92243-LV1-0123456 T-0012 *************5-DIGIT 1234
      SAMPLE A SAMPLE
      APT ABC
      123 ANY ST
      ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
      AFADAFATDTFTADAFADADTFDFDDTFDDFFTFTADFFTTFFTTFTTFATAFADFDAATADDTF




Dear Sample A Sample:


We are writing to notify you that on May 23, 2013, the Alameda County Sheriff’s office notified us
that personal information pertaining to a number of people, including you, was recovered during an
investigation.


The information may have originated from Sutter Health’s Alta Bates Summit Medical Center, Sutter
Delta Medical Center or Eden Medical Center, and may have included the following: your name,
Social Security number, date of birth, gender, address, zip code, home phone number, marital status,
name of your employer and your work phone number.


We hold your personal information in the highest regard. We are cooperating with law enforcement
and assisting them in their ongoing investigation of this incident. While it is presently unclear where
the information originated, and whether your information has been viewed, we have decided to offer
credit monitoring services because your Social Security number is involved. We are providing you
with a free one-year membership in Experian’s ProtectMyID Alert to provide you with credit
monitoring capabilities and assistance in identity theft protection. For more information on
ProtectMyID Alert and instructions on how to activate your complimentary one-year membership,
please see the reverse side of this letter.


We are concerned about this matter and have set up a special call-in number to help answer your
questions.   Please call 1-888-414-8020, Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. 
When prompted, please enter the following ten digit reference number: 2788053113.


Sincerely




President, Sutter Health East Bay Region




                                                                                                 92243-LV1
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s®
ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you
with superior identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.
                                     Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.        ENSURE That You Enroll By: September 30, 2013
2.        VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 877-371-7902 to enroll
3.        PROVIDE Your Activation Code: ABCDEFGHIJKL
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for 50 leading
indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID on any key changes in your
credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical collections and changes to
public records.
ProtectMyID provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and resolve potential
identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID will assign a dedicated U.S.-based
Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution from start to finish
for seamless service.
We realize that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer added protection,
you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support
even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID membership includes:

     Þ    Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report
     Þ    Daily 3 Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly
          opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax® and
          TransUnion® credit reports.
     Þ    Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a
          dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the fraud
          resolution process, from start to finish.
     Þ    ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud
          Resolution Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID membership expires.
     Þ    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: As a ProtectMyID member, you are immediately covered by a
          $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including, lost wages, private
          investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
                         Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                          or call 877-371-7902 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact
Experian’s customer care team at 877-371-7902.
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis, Inc. The description herein is a
summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all
jurisdictions.

                                                                                                                                   92243-LV1
