                           Sutter Health
                           c/o Privacy Office
                           2200 River Plaza Drive
                           Sacramento, CA  95833-4134


                                                                                         September 11, 2015

             ##B3245-L03-0123456 0001 00000001 **************9-OELZZ 123
             SAMPLE A SAMPLE
             APT ABC
             123 ANY ST
             ANYTOWN, US 12345-6789
             TTFDDATDAADTAAAFAATFFDDTFTAAFTAFAAFFFFDTDADTTTADTATATDADFDFFDFTFD




Dear Sample A Sample:
I am writing to notify you that, as part of an investigation, we reviewed a former employee’s email activity and
access to computer systems. On August 27, 2015, we determined that the former employee emailed certain
electronic documents to a personal email address without authorization on April 26, 2013.
Your information was included in one or more of these electronic documents. The information included your
name, date of birth, insurance identification number, date of service and billing code. The information did not
include Social Security numbers, California issued identification numbers, credit card or bank account numbers.
While the information in the electronic documents is very limited, because we do not know if the information in
the emailed electronic documents was viewed or used, we are offering you a free one-year membership in
Experian’s ProtectMyID Alert to provide you with credit monitoring capabilities and assistance in identity theft
protection. For more information on ProtectMyID Alert and instructions on how to activate your complimentary
one-year membership, please see the reverse side of this letter.
We continue to investigate this incident and are working with law enforcement. We apologize for any concerns
or inconvenience this may cause and have set up a special toll-free number to help answer your questions. You
may call (877) 235-0796, Monday through Friday, 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time. When prompted, please
enter the following 10 digit reference number: 2456090915.
Sincerely,



Jacki Monson
Chief Privacy Officer                                                                                                    0123456

Sutter Health




                                                                  (OVER PLEASE)

                                                                                                                   B3245-L03
What we are doing to protect your information:
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s®
ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you
with superior identity protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.
                                Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1.   ENSURE That You Enroll By: December 31, 2015 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.   VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.   PROVIDE Your Activation Code: ABCDEFGHI
If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 1-877-288-8057 and provide
engagement #: PC96506.
ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:
A credit card is not required for enrollment.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
     ·     Free copy of your Experian credit report
     ·     Surveillance Alerts for:
               o    Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your
                    Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
     ·     Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care and a
           dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
           from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
           grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards;
           assist with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
               o    It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To
                    offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same
                    high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
     ·     $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
           investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate
or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your
credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s
customer care team at 877-371-7902.
What you can do to protect your information: There are additional actions you can consider taking to reduce
the chances of identity theft or fraud on your account(s). Please refer to the final page of this letter.


* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. (AIG). The

description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions

of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be

available in all jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                                              B3245-L03
               ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO HELP REDUCE YOUR CHANCES OF IDENTITY THEFT
Þ PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
An initial 90 day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you are a
victim of fraud. When you or someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name, increase the
credit limit on an existing account, or obtain a new card on an existing account, the lender should take steps
to verify that you have authorized the request. If the creditor cannot verify this, the request should not be
satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting companies below for assistance.
             Equifax                            Experian                         TransUnion
         1-800-525-6285                    1-888-397-3742                     1-800-680-7289
        www.equifax.com                   www.experian.com                  www.transunion.com
Þ   PLACE A SECURITY FREEZE ON YOUR CREDIT FILE
If you are very concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might be right
for you. Placing a freeze on your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing your credit
report entirely, which will prevent them from extending credit. With a Security Freeze in place, you will be
required to take special steps when you wish to apply for any type of credit. This process is also completed
through each of the credit reporting companies.
Þ   ORDER YOUR FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS
Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228. Once you receive your credit reports, review them
for discrepancies. Identify any accounts you did not open or inquiries from creditors that you did not
authorize. Verify all information is correct. If you have questions or notice incorrect information, contact
the credit reporting company.
Þ   MANAGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are sharing your
personal information with and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive information.
Þ   USE TOOLS FROM CREDIT PROVIDERS
Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive and
create alerts on credit cards and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover unauthorized or
suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, file an identity theft report with your local
police and contact a credit reporting company.
Þ   OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF
    ·   Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html for general
        information regarding protecting your identity.
    ·   The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338; TTY: 1-866-653-4261.
        They also provide information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.

                                                                                                                       0123456




                                                                                                                 B3245-L03
