C/O ID Experts                                                                         To Enroll, Please Call:
PO Box 6336                                                                               1-888-773-9953
Portland, OR 97228-6336                                                                      Or Visit:
                                                                                  www.IDExpertscorp.com/protect
                                                                                Enrollment Code: <<XXXXXXXX>>
<<mail id>>
<<Name1>>
<<Name2>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
<<Foreign Country>>	                                                                                       <<Date>>



                        Si usted desea recivir esta carta en español, por favor llame al 1-888-773-9953.

Dear <<First Name>> <<Last Name>>:

I write to inform you about an incident that may have involved some of your personal information.

The incident involved a break-in at the Outback Steakhouse in Northridge, California on the evening of August 6,
2015. Please note that the Outback Steakhouse in Northridge is an independently owned franchise managed by
T-Bird Restaurant Group, Inc. Computer equipment, including the restaurant’s point of sale computer terminal and
back office computer, was stolen and the thief or thieves attempted to steal the restaurant’s safe.

The point of sale computer contains current and archived employee time sheet information, including files that contain
your name and social security number. The time sheet program does not store your address, driver’s license number,
credit card number, or personal medical information and therefore we have no reason to believe that information was
included in the theft. Employee information is not stored on the back office computer.

We became aware of the theft on August 7, 2015. As soon as we learned of the incident, we began taking steps to
mitigate the risk to you. We contacted local law enforcement, who have been unable to locate the thief or recover
the computers. Neither we, nor the police department, are aware of any attempts to access the data. The point of
sale computer is password protected, however we cannot guarantee that the information contained on it will not
be compromised. In an effort to prevent similar data breaches in the future, we have implemented additional and
enhanced security measures designed to improve the security of our information systems, including the removal of
social security numbers from the point of sale computer system.

Nevertheless, we regret any adverse impact this incident may have on you and hope this notification will allow you
to take action along with our own efforts to minimize or eliminate any potential harm to you.

We are offering identity theft protection services through ID Experts®, the data breach and recovery services expert.
If you chose to enroll, your complimentary membership will include: 12 months of credit monitoring, a $1,000,000
insurance reimbursement policy, and ID Experts will help you resolve issues if your identity is compromised. We
encourage you to contact ID Experts with any questions and to enroll in the free services by calling 1-888-773-9953
or going to www.IDExpertscorp.com/protect. ID Experts is available Monday through Friday from 6 am - 6 pm
Pacific Time. Please note the deadline to enroll is December 18th, 2015. Please be aware that T-Bird Restaurant
Group will not be contacting you by telephone to request any identifying information, such as your social security
number.


                                       Enrollment Code: <<ID Experts will insert>>




O1131 v.04 09.16.2015
Again, at this time, there is no evidence that your information has been misused. However, we encourage you to take
full advantage of this service offering. Representatives from ID Experts have been fully versed on the incident and
can answer questions or concerns you may have regarding protection of your personal information.



Sincerely,




Michael Wong
Executive Vice President
Chief Financial Officer
T-Bird Restaurant Group, Inc.

(Enclosure)




O1132 v.04 09.16.2015
                              Recommended Steps to Help Protect Your Information


1. Website and Enrollment. Go to www.IDExpertscorp.com/protect and follow the instructions for enrollment.
Once you have completed your enrollment, you will receive a welcome letter by email (or by mail if you do not
provide an email address when you sign up). The welcome letter will direct you to the exclusive ID Experts’ Member
Website where you will find other valuable educational information.

2. Activate the credit monitoring provided as part of your membership with ID Experts. Credit monitoring is
included in the membership, but you must personally activate it for it to be effective.

3. Telephone. Contact ID Experts at 1-888-773-9953 to gain additional information about this event and speak with
knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your credit identity.

4. Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing account statements and
monitoring credit reports. Under federal law, you are entitled every 12 months to one free copy of your credit
report from each of the three major credit reporting companies. To obtain a free annual credit report, go to
www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. You may wish to stagger your requests so that you receive a
free report by one of the three credit bureaus every four months.

When you receive your credit report, look it over carefully. Look for accounts that you did not open. Look for
inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal information, such as your home address and
Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you discover any suspicious items and have enrolled with ID Experts,
notify them immediately by calling or by visiting their Member website and filing a theft report.

If you file a theft report with ID Experts, you will be contacted by a member of the Recovery Department who will
help you determine the cause of the suspicious items. In the unlikely event that you fall victim to identity theft as a
consequence of this incident, you will be assigned an ID Experts Recovery Advocate who will work on your behalf
to identify, stop and reverse the damage quickly.

You should also know that you have the right to file a police report if you ever experience identity fraud. Please note
that in order to file a crime report or incident report with law enforcement for identity theft, you will likely need to
provide some kind of proof that you have been a victim. Get a copy of the police report. A police report is often
required to dispute fraudulent items. You can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement,
the Attorney General, or to the Federal Trade Commission.

5. Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. You can place a fraud alert at one of the three major credit
bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain
procedures, including contacting you, before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. For that
reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. The contact
information for all three bureaus is as follows:

Credit Bureaus

Equifax Fraud Reporting                Experian Fraud Reporting               TransUnion Fraud Reporting
1-800-525-6285                         1-888-397-3742                         1-800-680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                        P.O. Box 9554                          P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241                 Allen, TX 75013                        Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
www.alerts.equifax.com                 www.experian.com                       www.transunion.com

It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As soon as one of the three
bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts on their records as well. You will receive
confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to order all three credit reports, free of charge, for your review.
A fraud alert lasts 90 days. You can keep the fraud alert in place by calling again after 90 days.

6. Security Freeze. If you are concerned that you may be a victim of identity theft, you may place a security freeze
on your credit files. By placing a security freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your personal identifying
information will not be able to use that information to open new accounts or borrow money in your name. You will
need to contact the three national credit reporting bureaus listed above in writing to place the freeze. Keep in mind
that when you place the freeze, you will not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a new credit card
until you temporarily lift or permanently remove the freeze. The cost of placing the freeze varies by the state you

O1133 v.04 09.16.2015
live in and for each credit reporting agency. However, if you are a victim of identity theft and have filed a report with
your local law enforcement agency or submitted an ID Theft Complaint Form with the Federal Trade Commission,
there may be no charge to place the freeze.

7. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft from the California
Office of Privacy Protection (www.privacy.ca.gov). You can also learn more about, and report, suspected incidents
of identity theft to the Federal Trade Commission on the web at www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or on the phone at
(877) IDTHEFT (438-4338) or write to Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580.




O1134 v.04 09.16.2015
