<Date>, 2014

<Customer Name>
<Customer Address>


Re:       Account Number <xxx>                                       INCD2013-11-45053417

Dear <Name>:

We are writing to inform you of a recent incident of unauthorized access to a file stored on servers owned and
managed by a T-Mobile supplier. This file contained personal information, including name, address, Social
Security number and/or Driver’s License number. In your case, the party or parties making the unauthorized
access may have viewed your <insert data type >. This access was discovered in late November 2013.
Although we believe the primary goal of the access was to obtain credit card numbers (which were not included
in the file), the information that was accessible could also potentially be misused. Our supplier has taken
immediate measures to secure the impacted servers.
We are also providing this notice to help you take steps to protect your personal information from possible
misuse. We have arranged for you to receive one full year of ProtectMyID Elite, an Experian product which
provides credit monitoring capabilities and assistance for identity theft protection including identity theft
insurance. ProtectMyID Elite is completely free to you and enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit
score. Follow the instructions below to activate ProtectMyID. Your enrollment is open until March 31, 2014.
To activate ProtectMyID Elite:
1. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/enroll
2. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: <code>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 866-579-5479

As soon as you enroll in your complimentary ProtectMyID Elite membership, Experian will begin to monitor your
credit reports from Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® on a daily basis and notify you of key changes. This tool
will help you identify potentially fraudulent use of your information, and provide you with immediate assistance
if necessary. ProtectMyID Elite includes:

         Internet Scan: Alerts if your personal information is located on sites where compromised data is found,
          traded or sold.
         $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
          investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.1
         Tri-Bureau credit monitoring: Daily monitoring for all three bureaus.

1
  Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer
to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
                                                                                                                                         1
       Access to our Fraud Resolution Agents: Qualified agents will help investigate identity theft incidents.
       Lost Wallet Protection: If you misplace or have your wallet stolen, an agent will help you cancel your
        credit, debit, and medical insurance cards.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID Elite is complete, you should carefully review your credit reports for
inaccurate or suspicious items. Additionally, you should contact any one of the three credit bureaus and ask
them to place a fraud alert on your account. This fraud alert service is free to the public and is therefore not
included in the ProtectMyID product.

A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before opening new accounts in your name, to help prevent
misuse of your personal information. You can call any one of the three credit bureaus, and they will contact the
other two on your behalf. Additionally, in some states you may place a “freeze” on your credit file that will
prevent any accounts from being opened in your name until the freeze is lifted.

    Experian                     Equifax                          TransUnion
    P.O Box 2002                 P.O Box 740241                   P.O Box 390
    Allen, TX 75013              Atlanta, GA 30374 – 0241         Springfield, PA 18064-0390
    888-397-3742                 800-525-6285                     800-680-7289

You can also enroll in a fraud alert online:
    Experian: https://www.experian.com/fraud/center.html
    Equifax: https://www.alerts.equifax.com/AutoFraud_Online/jsp/fraudAlert.jsp
    TransUnion: http://www.transunion.com/personal-credit/credit-disputes/fraud-alerts.page

If you have questions about your ProtectMyID Elite product, need help understanding something on your credit
report, or suspect an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian customer care at 1-
866-579-5479 anytime Mon -Fri 6am – 6pm PST, or 8am – 5pm Sat – Sun.

If you find any suspicious activity, you may wish to notify your local law enforcement officials or state attorney
general. You may obtain additional information about protecting yourself from identity theft from the FTC at 1-
877-IDTHEFT (438-4338) or at http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft.

We regret any inconvenience this incident may have caused.

Sincerely,

T-Mobile USA, Inc

To contact T-Mobile call 1-877-453-1304 or also 800-937-8997 – or call 611 from your T-Mobile hone




                                                                                                                   2
