Important Notice: unauthorized access to

payment card data in U.S. stores




December 19, 2013

Dear Guest,

We wanted to make you aware of unauthorized access to Target payment card data. The unauthorized
access may impact guests who made credit or debit card purchases in our U.S. stores from Nov. 27 to
Dec. 15, 2013. Your trust is a top priority for Target, and we deeply regret the inconvenience this may
cause. The privacy and protection of our guests’ information is a matter we take very seriously and we
have worked swiftly to resolve the incident.

We began investigating the incident as soon as we learned of it. We have determined that the information
involved in this incident included customer name, credit or debit card number, and the card’s expiration
date and CVV.

We are partnering with a leading third-party forensics firm to conduct a thorough investigation of the
incident and to examine additional measures we can take that would be designed to help prevent
incidents of this kind in the future. Additionally, Target alerted authorities and financial institutions
immediately after we discovered and confirmed the unauthorized access, and we are putting our full
resources behind these efforts.

We recommend that you closely review the information provided in this letter for some steps that you may
take to protect yourself against potential misuse of your credit and debit information. You should remain
vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by regularly reviewing your account statements and
monitoring free credit reports. If you discover any suspicious or unusual activity on your accounts or
suspect fraud, be sure to report it immediately to your financial institutions. In addition, you may contact
the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) or law enforcement to report incidents of identity theft or to learn
about steps you can take to protect yourself from identity theft. To learn more, you can go to the FTC’s
Web site, at www.consumer.gov/idtheft, or call the FTC, at (877) IDTHEFT (438-4338) or write to Federal
Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC
20580.

You may also periodically obtain credit reports from each nationwide credit reporting agency. If you
discover information on your credit report arising from a fraudulent transaction, you should request that
the credit reporting agency delete that information from your credit report file. In addition, under federal
law, you are entitled to one free copy of your credit report every 12 months from each of the three
nationwide credit reporting agencies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report by going to
www.AnnualCreditReport.com or by calling (877) 322-8228. You may contact the nationwide credit
reporting agencies at:

Equifax                               Experian                      TransUnion
(800) 525-6285                        (888) 397-3742                (800) 680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                       P.O. Box 9532                 Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241                Allen, TX 75013               P.O. Box 6790
www.equifax.com                       www.experian.com              Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                    www.transunion.com



In addition, you may obtain information from the FTC and the credit reporting agencies about fraud alerts
and security freezes. You can add a fraud alert to your credit report file to help protect your credit
information. A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in your name because it tells
creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, but it also may delay your ability to obtain credit. You
may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just one of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies
listed above. As soon as that agency processes your fraud alert, it will notify the other two agencies,
which then must also place fraud alerts in your file. In addition, you can contact the nationwide credit
reporting agencies regarding if and how you may place a security freeze on your credit report to prohibit a
credit reporting agency from releasing information from your credit report without your prior written
authorization.

Again, we want to stress that we regret any inconvenience or concern this incident may cause you. Be
assured that we place a top priority on protecting the security of our guests’ personal information. Please
do not hesitate to contact us at 866-852-8680 or visit Target’s website if you have any questions or
concerns. If you used a non-Target credit or debit card at Target between Nov. 27 and Dec. 15, and have
questions or concerns about activity on your card, please contact the issuing bank by calling the number
on the back of your card.

IF YOU ARE AN IOWA RESIDENT: You may contact local law enforcement or the Iowa Attorney
General’s Office to report suspected incidents of identity theft. You can contact the Iowa Attorney General
at:
Office of the Attorney General
1305 E. Walnut Street
Des Moines, IA 50319
(515) 281-5164
http://www.iowaattorneygeneral.gov/




IF YOU ARE A MARYLAND RESIDENT: You may obtain information about avoiding identity theft from
the FTC or the Maryland Attorney General’s Office. These offices can be reached at:

Federal Trade Commission                                   Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Response Center                                   Consumer Protection Division
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW                                200 St. Paul Place
Washington, DC 20580                                       Baltimore, MD 21202
(877) IDTHEFT (438-4338)                                   (888) 743-0023
http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft/                                www.oag.state.md.us



IF YOU ARE A NORTH CAROLINA RESIDENT: You may obtain information about preventing identity
theft from the FTC or the North Carolina Attorney General’s Office. These offices can be reached at:

Federal Trade Commission                             North Carolina Department of Justice
Consumer Response Center                             Attorney General Roy Cooper
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW                          9001 Mail Service Center
Washington, DC 20580                                 Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) IDTHEFT (438-4338)                             (877) 566-7226
www.consumer.gov/idtheft                             http://www.ncdoj.com



IF YOU ARE A MASSACHUSETTS RESIDENT: Under Massachusetts law, you have the right to obtain
a police report in regard to this incident. If you are the victim of identity theft, you also have the right to
file a police report and obtain a copy of it.

Massachusetts law also allows consumers to place a security freeze on their credit reports. A security
freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from a consumer’s credit report
without written authorization. However, please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit
report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans,
mortgages, employment, housing or other services.

If you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the credit reporting agency with a valid police
report, it cannot charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze. In all other cases, a credit reporting
agency may charge you up to $5.00 each to place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security
freeze. To place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written request to each of the
three major consumer reporting agencies listed above.
In order to request a security freeze, you will need to provide the following information:

  1.   Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
  2.   Social Security number;
  3.   Date of birth;
  4.   If you have moved in the past five (5) years, the addresses where you have lived over the prior five
       years;
  5.   Proof of current address (e.g., a current utility bill or telephone bill);
  6.   A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (e.g., state driver’s license or ID
       card or military identification);
  7.   If you are a victim of identity theft, a copy of either the police report, investigative report, or
       complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft;
  8.   If you are not a victim of identity theft, payment by check, money order, or credit card (Visa,
       MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.

The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to place a
security freeze on your credit report. The credit reporting agencies must also send written confirmation to
you within five (5) business days and provide you with a unique personal identification number (PIN) or
password, or both that can be used by you to authorize the removal or lifting of the security freeze.

To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access to your credit report, you
must call or send a written request to the credit reporting agencies by mail and include proper
identification (name, address, and Social Security number) and the PIN number or password provided to
you when you placed the security freeze, as well as the identities of those entities or individuals you
would like to receive your credit report or the specific period of time you want the credit report available.
The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to lift the security
freeze for those identified entities or for the specified period of time

To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit reporting
agencies by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and Social Security number) and the
PIN number or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze. The credit reporting
agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to remove the security freeze.
