Date

Customer Name
Address 1
Address 2
City, ST ZIP

Dear

At TD Bank, we realize the importance of keeping you informed when it comes to your banking. That’s
why we’re committed to notifying you about events that might affect your accounts. Today, we’re writing
to let you know about an incident involving your personal information.

                           Important news about your personal information
Some of your personal information was included on two data backup tapes that we shipped to another one
of our locations in late March 2012. The tapes have been missing since then, and we have been unable to
locate them despite diligent efforts. This isolated incident has been the subject of an internal investigation
by our corporate security and information security teams. We have also notified law enforcement. Your
personal information included on the tapes may have included your name or address, Social Security
Number, and account, debit or credit card number.
We are not currently aware of any misuse of the personal information. However, because we are unable
to locate the tapes or to account for their disappearance, we want to provide you with advice on ways to
protect yourself.


                        Enroll in FREE credit monitoring service for 12 months
As a result of this incident, we want to provide you with choices that will best protect you and your
accounts at TD Bank. At our expense, we would like to offer you a one year subscription to ITAC
Sentinel® Plus, a credit monitoring and identity theft protection service. ITAC Sentinel Plus provides
monitoring of credit data and personal data such as Social Security Numbers, bank accounts, and credit
card accounts, on Web sites known to be frequented by identity thieves. Please see the back of this letter
for instructions on how to enroll. This credit monitoring offer is only available to consumers 18 years of
age and older. Using the information within this letter, enroll by calling 1-866-214-8352.

                              Transfer funds to a new account at TD Bank
If you want added protection for your money at TD Bank and would like to open new account(s), we will
make it as easy as possible for you to do so. Please visit tdbank.com, stop by one of our Stores or contact
us at 1-866-355-9870 and we will cover all expenses associated with this transaction.

                              Zero Liability Policy for Credit Card holders
Under VISA U.S.A.’s “Zero Liability Policy” you may not be liable for the unauthorized use of your
account or card that results in a fraudulent transaction made over the VISA network. To be eligible, you
must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or card. We will provisionally credit
you for losses from the unauthorized card use within five (5) business days of your notification to us of
the loss.



                                          Member FDIC. | TD Bank, N.A.
                                                                                              G2012015820NASN
                          Recommendations to protect you from identity theft
We are not aware of any misuse of your information, but suggest you take these steps to protect yourself:
   • Remain vigilant about your personal information, particularly over the next 12 to 24 months.
   • Carefully review monthly account statements and your free credit reports. See below as to how
       to obtain a free copy of your credit report.
   • Notify us immediately of any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft.
   • Report any suspicious or unauthorized activity to law enforcement and to the FTC at 1-877-FTC-
       HELP (877-382-4357).
   • Place a fraud alert on your credit file, which tells creditors to contact you before they open any
       new accounts or change your existing accounts.* You can contact the credit reporting agencies
       directly at:
            Equifax: 1-877-478-7625; Experian: 1-888-397-3742; TransUnion Corp: 1-800-916-8800

More information about credit reports, including obtaining a free copy of your credit report, and guidance
on steps you can take to prevent identity theft is available through the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
at www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft, or by calling 1-877-322-8228 or visiting
www.annualcreditreport.com.

We know this is difficult news to hear and we sincerely regret any concern or inconvenience this may
cause you. At TD Bank, protecting our Customers’ personal information is a top priority and something
we take very seriously. If you have any questions, or if you need additional information or assistance,
please call us at 1-866-355-9870.

Sincerely,




Joan B. Quinn
Chief Privacy Officer


*Please note, if you plan on signing up for the complimentary service outlined below we recommend that you
don’t place a fraud alert until after enrollment because it can delay the receipt of your membership materials




                      ITAC Sentinel Plus Credit Monitoring Enrollment Instructions

ITAC Sentinel Plus features include:
   • 3-Bureau Credit Report
   • 3-Bureau Daily Monitoring with NOTIFY EXPRESS® Alerts
   • 3-Bureau Quarterly Credit Update
   • ITAC Victim Assistance
   • Card Theft Protection
   • Internet Surveillance
   • Credit Education Specialists

If you would like to sign up for the free year of credit monitoring, please do so by April 2013. The monitoring
will be active for one year from the date you enroll.



                                           Member FDIC. | TD Bank, N.A.
                                                                                               G2012015820NASN
ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE: To activate this coverage please call the toll-free number or visit the Web
site listed below and enter the redemption code. The redemption code is required for enrollment.

    Toll-Free:           1-866-214-8352
    Web Site:            www.itacsentinel.com/alert
    Redemption Code:     XXXXXXXXXXXX

When you enroll, you will need to provide the following information:

    Ÿ   Mailing Address
    Ÿ   Phone Number
    Ÿ   Social Security Number
    Ÿ   E-mail Address, if applicable
    Ÿ   Redemption Code




                                          Member FDIC. | TD Bank, N.A.
                                                                                    G2012015820NASN
