2425 Lincoln Ave. · Ogden, UT 84401




                                                                        December 23, 2013



      Dear TechMedia Customer,

      We are writing to inform you of an incident that may have involved your personal information. On November 20,
      2013, Techmedia Network detected an unauthorized intrusion into its systems that may have allowed access to your
      name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit card number, expiration date, and CVV security codes.
      In addition to our ongoing internal investigation, we are working with law enforcement to further investigate the
      unauthorized intrusion into TechMedia systems. We want to see those involved in this incident found and fully
      prosecuted.

      We truly regret that this incident occurred and understand that it may cause you concern. We have taken many steps
      necessary to address the incident and are committed to fully protecting all of your personal information. Also, we
      took additional steps to prevent this type of incident from happening again, including implementing enhanced security
      measures.

      Techmedia wants to make you aware of steps you may take to guard against identity theft or fraud. Please review
      the enclosed Information about Identity Theft Protection. In light of the unauthorized access to your personal
      information, you should carefully review your credit card statements and credit report for inaccurate or suspicious
      items. If you suspect that an item on your credit card statement or credit report may be fraudulent, please contact law
      enforcement.

      As an added precaution, we have arranged to have AllClear ID protect your identity for 12 months at no cost to you.
      The following identity protection services start on the date of this notice and you can use them at any time during the
      next 12 months.

      AllClear SECURE: The team at AllClear ID is ready and standing by if you need help protecting your identity. You are
      automatically eligible to use this service - there is no action required on your part. If a problem arises, simply call 1-
      877-676-0382 and a dedicated investigator will do the work to recover financial losses, restore your credit and make
      sure your identity is returned to its proper condition. AllClear maintains an A+ rating at the Better Business Bureau.

      If you have questions or concerns regarding this incident and/or the protections available to you, please contact us at
      866-648-2140. This is a special toll-free phone number we have created specifically to respond to inquiries
      concerning this incident. You can also contact us at securityinfo@hermanstreet.com or visit us on the web at
      http://store.hermanstreet.com/content/smarthtml/press-release_12_2_2013.html.

      Our business is built on our ability to provide high-quality products to our customers in a secure manner. This trust is
      founded on data protection and privacy, which is our highest priority.

      We sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern caused by this incident.

                                                                 Sincerely,




                                                                 Greg Dalby, Director of eCommerce
                                                                 TechMedia Network
                                 Information about Identity Theft Prevention
We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from
one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at
www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form
(available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA,
30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national credit
reporting agencies listed below.
    Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
    Experian, P.O. Box 9532, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
    TransUnion, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, 1-800-916-8800, www.transunion.com
When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Look for accounts or creditor inquiries that you did not
initiate or do not recognize. Look for information, such as home address and Social Security number, that is not
accurate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the
report.
We recommend you remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and promptly
report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including
local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact
the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.
    Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
    For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
    Maryland Office of the Attorney General:
        Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
        200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us
    For residents of Massachusetts: You also have the right to obtain a police report.
    For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft
    from North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:
        North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
        9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov
Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on
notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be
placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud
alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you
have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on
your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free fraud number
of any of the three national credit reporting agencies listed below.
     Equifax: 1-800-525-6285, www.equifax.com
     Experian: 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
     TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289, www.transunion.com
Credit Freezes (for Non-Massachusetts Residents): You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a
security freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number
that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from
accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties
will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze
may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze.
Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also
varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must
separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to
establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as
specified below to find out more information:
     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, www.transunion.com
You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national
credit reporting agencies listed above.
Credit Freezes (for Massachusetts Residents): Massachusetts law gives you the right to place a security freeze on
your consumer reports. A security freeze is designed to prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in
your name without your consent. Using a security freeze, however, may delay your ability to obtain credit. You may
request that a freeze be placed on your credit report by sending a request to a credit reporting agency by certified mail,
overnight mail or regular stamped mail to the address below:
     Equifax, P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348, www.equifax.com
     Experian, P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013, www.experian.com
     TransUnion, Fraud Victim Assistance Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790, www.transunion.com
Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. The
following information should be included when requesting a security freeze (documentation for you and your spouse
must be submitted when freezing a spouse’s credit report): full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; Social
Security number, date of birth (month, day and year); current address and previous addresses for the past five (5)
years; and applicable fee (if any) or incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Department of
Motor Vehicles. The request should also include a copy of a government-issued identification card, such as a driver’s
license, state or military ID card, and a copy of a utility bill, bank or insurance statement. Each copy should be legible,
display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue (statement dates must be recent). The credit
reporting company may charge a reasonable fee of up to $5 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, unless you are
a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and have submitted a valid police report relating to
the identity theft to the credit reporting company.
                                                        Terms of Use for AllClear Secure

If you become a victim of fraud using your personal information without authorization, AllClear ID will help recover your financial losses and restore your
identity. Benefits include:
          Automatic 12 months of coverage
          No cost to you – ever. AllClear Secure is paid for by the participating Company.
Services Provided
If you suspect identity theft, simply call AllClear ID to file a claim. AllClear ID will provide appropriate and necessary remediation services (“Services”) to
help restore the compromised accounts and your identity to the state prior to the incident of fraud. Services are determined at the sole discretion of AllClear
ID and are subject to the terms and conditions found on the AllClear ID website. AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy, and AllClear ID will not make
payments or reimbursements to you for any financial loss, liabilities or expenses you incur.
Coverage Period
You are automatically protected for twelve (12) months from the date the breach incident occurred, as communicated in the breach notification letter you
received from Company (the “Coverage Period”). Fraud Events that occurred prior to your Coverage Period are not covered by AllClear Secure services.
Eligibility Requirements
To be eligible for Services under AllClear Secure coverage, you must fully comply, without limitations, with your obligations under the terms herein, you
must be a citizen eighteen (18) years of age or older, reside in the United States, and have a valid U.S. Social Security number. Minors under eighteen (18)
years of age may be eligible, but must be sponsored by a parent or guardian. The Services cover only you and your personal financial and medical accounts
that are directly associated with your valid U.S. Social Security number, including but not limited to credit card, bank, or other financial accounts and/or
medical accounts.
How to File a Claim
If you become a victim of fraud covered by the AllClear Secure services, you must:
      Notify AllClear ID by calling 1.855.434.8077 to report the fraud prior to expiration of your Coverage Period.
      Provide proof of eligibility for AllClear Secure by providing the redemption code on the notification letter you received from the sponsor
          Company.
      Fully cooperate and be truthful with AllClear ID about the Event and agree to execute any documents AllClear ID may reasonably require;
      Fully cooperate with AllClear ID in any remediation process, including, but not limited to, providing AllClear ID with copies of all available
          investigation files or reports from any institution, including, but not limited to, credit institutions or law enforcement agencies, relating to the
          alleged theft;
Coverage under AllClear Secure Does Not Apply to the Following:
Any expense, damage or loss:
     Due to
              o Any transactions on your financial accounts made by authorized users, even if acting without your knowledge
              o Any act of theft, deceit, collusion, dishonesty or criminal act by you or any person acting in concert with you, or by any of your
                  authorized representatives, whether acting alone or in collusion with you or others (collectively, your “Misrepresentation”)
     Incurred by you from an Event that did not occur during your coverage period;
     In connection with an Event that you fail to report to AllClear ID prior to the expiration of your AllClear Secure coverage period.
Other Exclusions:
             AllClear ID will not pay or be obligated for any costs or expenses other than as described herein, including without limitation fees of any
              service providers not retained by AllClear ID; AllClear ID reserves the right to investigate any asserted claim to determine its validity;
             AllClear ID is not an insurance company, and AllClear Secure is not an insurance policy; AllClear ID will not make payments or
              reimbursements to you for any loss or liability you may incur; and
             AllClear ID is not a credit repair organization, is not a credit counseling service, and does not promise to help you improve your credit history
              or rating beyond resolving incidents of fraud;
             You are expected to protect your personal information in a reasonable way at all times. Accordingly, you will not recklessly disclose or
              publish your Social Security number or any other personal information to those who would reasonably be expected to improperly use or
              disclose that Personal Information, such as, by way of example, in response to "phishing" scams, unsolicited emails, or pop-up messages
              seeking disclosure of personal information.
Opt-out Policy
If for any reason you wish to have your information removed from the eligibility database for AllClear Secure, please contact AllClear ID:

               E-mail                                     Mail                                      Phone
               support@allclearid.com                     AllClear ID, Inc.                         1.855.434.8077
                                                          823 Congress Avenue Suite 300
                                                          Austin, Texas 78701
