<<mail id>>
Parent or Guardian of <<Minor Name>>
<<Street Address>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>	<<Date>>




RE:	        Notice of Data Security Incident

Dear Parent or Guardian of <<Minor Name>>:

Whiting-Turner is writing to inform you of a recent event that may affect the security of your child’s personal
information. We are providing this notice to provide you, the parent/guardian, with information about the incident,
steps we are taking in response, and steps you can take to protect your child against identity theft and fraud should
you feel it is appropriate to do so.

What Happened? Whiting-Turner uses an outside vendor to provide tax filing and information services, including
preparation of our employees’ W-2 and 1095 tax forms. On March 8, 2016, this vendor notified us they had detected
suspicious activity on their systems. We also received reports around that time from some of our employees regarding
fraudulent tax filings in their names. In response, we immediately shut down the ability for users to access the
information on the outside vendor’s systems and began an investigation to determine whether any Whiting-Turner
employee information was accessed by an unauthorized individual. Our investigation is ongoing, and we have not yet
confirmed whether any Whiting-Turner information was subject to unauthorized access on the outside vendor’s systems.

What Information Was Involved? If your child is a minor dependent who received healthcare insurance coverage
under a policy for which the primary policyholder was a current, former, or retired employee, we believe this incident
may affect the security of your child’s information contained on that employee policyholder’s 2015 IRS Form 1095,
which includes the following: name, date of birth, and Social Security number of any minor dependent.

What We Are Doing. We take the security of your child’s personal information very seriously. Upon learning of this
incident, we immediately shut down the ability for users to access the information on the outside vendor’s systems.
We continue to investigate to ensure the security of our employees’ and their minor dependents’ information. In an
abundance of caution, we are providing notice of this incident to all individuals whose information may be at risk as
a result of this incident.

We have notified the FBI, IRS, and certain state regulators. Additionally, we are offering the parent/guardian of all
potentially affected minor dependents access to one year of identity monitoring and identity theft protection services
through Identity Guard® for Kids. The enclosed Privacy Safeguards Information contains instructions on how to
enroll and receive these free services, as well as more information on how to better protect your child against identity
theft and fraud.

What You Can Do. If your child has reason to file a 2015 tax return with the IRS, you can contact the IRS and file an
IRS Identify Theft Affidavit (IRS Form 14039). The IRS can be contacted at 1-800-908-4490, and IRS Form 14039
can be downloaded at www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft. You can also review the enclosed Privacy
Safeguards Information for additional information and take the steps outlined on behalf of your child. You can also
enroll to receive the one year of free identity theft protection and identity monitoring services being offered.




O9961 v.03 04.05.2016
For More Information. We are very sorry for any inconvenience or concern this incident causes you. The security
of your child’s information is a priority to us, and we are taking steps to prevent an incident like this from happening
again. If you have further questions or concerns, you may contact Whiting-Turner by phone at 410-337-5899 or email
creditmonitoring@whiting-turner.com.

Sincerely,



Daniel St. John
Vice President Accounting




O9962 v.03 04.05.2016
                                     COMPLIMENTARY SERVICE OFFER

At our expense, Whiting-Turner would like to offer your minor child a free one-year subscription to Identity Guard®
for Kids. Identity Guard® for Kids provides protection and monitoring for child identity theft. All-new, patent-pending
technology scours thousands of data sources looking for information related to your child to let you know if your
child’s identity may be compromised.

Services include:
    •	 Ongoing visibility into potential exposure of your child’s personal data
    •	 A comprehensive “Digital Footprint” report showing detected data
    •	 Extensive monitoring for your child’s Social Security number, date of birth, name, address, and even bank
        account numbers
    •	 Alerts to certain kinds of activity detected

Identity Guard for Kids scans for:
    •	 SSN exposure online
    •	 Criminal records
    •	 DMV records
    •	 Utilities
    •	 Bankruptcy filings
    •	 Property records
    •	 New cell phone accounts
    •	 Car Loans
    •	 And more

                                            ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE

If you wish to take advantage of this monitoring service, you must enroll by June 30, 2016.

To activate this coverage, please visit the website listed below and enter the redemption code. The redemption code
is required for enrollment and can only be used one time by the individual addressed.

            Website: www.identityguard.com/enroll
            Identity Guard® for Kids Redemption Code: <<Account Code>>

In order to enroll, you will need to provide your child’s following personal information:

            •	    Mailing Address      •	    Date of Birth                     •	   SSN
            •	    Phone Number         •	    Email Address                     •	   Redemption Code

This service is complimentary; no method of payment will be collected during enrollment, and there is no need to
cancel.

We encourage you to remain vigilant against incidents of identity theft and financial loss by reviewing your child’s
account statements and monitoring your child’s credit reports, if any exist, for suspicious activity. Typically, credit
is not granted to individuals under the age of 18, and therefore, the credit bureaus may not maintain a credit file on
your child. Under U.S. law, everyone is entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit
bureaus. To order a free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free 1-877-322-8228. Individuals
may also contact the three major credit bureaus directly to request a free copy of their credit report:

Equifax                                Experian                                TransUnion
P.O. Box 105069                        P.O. Box 2002                           P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                      Allen, TX 75013                         Chester, PA 19022
800-525-6285                           888-397-3742                            800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                        www.experian.com                        www.transunion.com




O9963 v.03 04.05.2016
At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your child’s credit file, if any exists. A
“fraud alert” will tell creditors to take additional steps to verify your child’s identity prior to granting credit in their
name; however, because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay your child’s ability
to obtain credit while the credit bureaus verify your child’s identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your child’s
fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts on your child’s files. You may use the contact information listed
above to contact the major credit bureaus and place a “fraud alert” on your child’s credit report, if any exists.

You can also place a “security freeze” on your child’s credit file, if any exists, that prohibits a credit reporting agency
from releasing any information from your child’s credit report without your written authorization, but it may delay,
interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests for new credit. If your child has been a victim of identity
theft, and you provide the credit reporting agency with a valid police report, the credit reporting agency cannot
charge to place, lift, or remove a security freeze. In all other cases, a credit agency may charge you a fee to place,
temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze. If you incur a cost to place a security freeze, please let us
know. You must contact each of the credit reporting agencies separately to place a security freeze on your credit file:

          Equifax Security Freeze	            Experian Security Freeze             TransUnion LLC
          PO Box 105788                       PO Box 9554                          PO Box 2000
          Atlanta, GA 30348                   Allen, TX 75013                      Chester, PA 19022
          800-685-1111                        888-397-3742                         888-909-8862
          800-349-9960 (NY Residents)         www.experian.com                     freeze.transunion.com
          www.freeze.equifax.com
You       can     also      contact     the      IRS      at      www.irs.gov/Individuals/Identity-Protection       or
www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft for helpful information and guidance on steps you can take to
prevent a fraudulent tax return from being filed in your child’s name and what to do if your child becomes the victim
of such fraud.

You can further educate yourself regarding identity theft, fraud alerts, security freezes, and the steps you can take
to protect your child and yourself by contacting your state Attorney General or the Federal Trade Commission.
The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been misused to
file a complaint with them. The Federal Trade Commission can be reached at: 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW,
Washington, D.C. 20580; www.ftc.gov/idtheft; 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338); and TTY: 1-866-653-4261.
For Maryland residents, the Attorney General can be reached at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor, Baltimore, MD
21202; 1-888-743-0023; and www.oag.state.md.us. For North Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be
contacted at 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov.

Instances of known or suspected identity theft should be reported to law enforcement, your Attorney General, and
the FTC.




O9964 v.03 04.05.2016
<<mail id>>
<<Recipient Name>>
<<Street Address>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>	<<Date>>




            RE:	        Notice of Data Security Incident

Dear <<Recipient Name>>:

Whiting-Turner is writing to inform you of a recent event that may affect the security of your personal information.
We are providing this notice to provide you with information about the incident, steps we are taking in response, and
steps you can take to protect against identity theft and fraud should you feel it is appropriate to do so.

What Happened? Whiting-Turner uses an outside vendor to provide tax filing and information services, including
preparation of our employees’ W-2 and 1095 tax forms. On March 8, 2016, this vendor notified us they had detected
suspicious activity on their systems. We also received reports around that time from some of our employees regarding
fraudulent tax filings in their names. In response, we immediately shut down the ability for users to access the
information on the outside vendor’s systems and began an investigation to determine whether any Whiting-Turner
employee information was accessed by an unauthorized individual. Our investigation is ongoing, and we have not yet
confirmed whether any Whiting-Turner information was subject to unauthorized access on the outside vendor’s systems.

What Information Was Involved? If you are a current, former, or retired employee who received an IRS Form
W-2 from Whiting-Turner for 2015, we believe this incident may affect the security of information contained on
your IRS Form W-2, which includes the following: employee name, Social Security number, wage information, and
withholding information.

If you are an adult beneficiary or adult dependent who received healthcare insurance coverage under a policy
for which the primary policyholder was a current, former, or retired employee, we believe this incident may affect
the security of information contained on that employee policyholder’s 2015 IRS Form 1095, which includes the
following: name, date of birth, and Social Security number of any adult beneficiary or adult dependent.

What We Are Doing. We take the security of your personal information very seriously. Upon learning of this incident,
we immediately shut down the ability for users to access the information on the outside vendor’s systems. We continue
to investigate to ensure the security of our employees’ and their beneficiaries’ information. In an abundance of caution,
we are providing notice of this incident to all individuals whose information may be at risk as a result of this incident.

We have notified the FBI, IRS, and certain state regulators. Additionally, we are offering all potentially affected
individuals access to one year of credit monitoring and identity theft protection services with Identity Guard®. The
enclosed Privacy Safeguards Information contains instructions on how to enroll and receive these free services, as
well as more information on how to better protect against identity theft and fraud. To the extent you have not done so
already, we encourage you to file your 2015 state and federal tax returns as soon as possible.

What You Can Do. You can contact the IRS and file an IRS Identify Theft Affidavit (IRS Form
14039). The IRS can be contacted at 1-800-908-4490, and IRS Form 14039 can be downloaded at
www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft. You can also review the enclosed Privacy Safeguards
Information for additional information and take the steps outlined. You can also enroll to receive the one year of free
credit monitoring and identity theft protection services.

O9941 v.04 04.05.2016
For More Information. We are very sorry for any inconvenience or concern this incident causes you. The security
of your information is a priority to us, and we are taking steps to prevent an incident like this from happening again.
If you have further questions or concerns, you may contact Whiting-Turner by phone at (410) 337-5899 or email
creditmonitoring@whiting-turner.com.

Sincerely,



Daniel St. John
Vice President, Accounting




O9942 v.04 04.05.2016
                                    PRIVACY SAFEGUARDS INFORMATION

At our expense, Whiting-Turner would like to offer you a free one-year subscription to Identity Guard®, a credit
monitoring and identity theft protection service. Identity Guard® provides essential monitoring and protection of
not only credit data; it also alerts you of certain activities that could indicate potential identity theft. This program
is provided by Intersections Inc. (NASDAQ: INTX), a leading provider of consumer and corporate identity risk
management services. Total Protection® service features include the following:

      •	    SSN Monitoring                                  •	    ID Vault Password Protection
      •	    Online “Black Market” Monitoring                •	    Address Change Monitoring
      •	    ID Verification Alerts                          •	    3-Buerau Credit Analyzer
      •	    Account Takeover Alerts                         •	    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance**
      •	    Identity Theft Victim Assistance                •	    Account Access via Mobile App
      •	    Lost Wallet Protection                          •	    Public Record Monitoring
      •	    Daily 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring                •	    PC Keyboard Encryption Software
      •	    3-Bureau Credit Reports (Quarterly)             •	    PC Antivirus Software
      •	    3-Bureau Credit Scores* (Quarterly)


 * The scores you receive with Identity Guard® are provided for educational purposes to help you understand your
 credit. They are calculated using the information contained in your Equifax‚ Experian, and TransUnion credit
 files. Lenders use many different credit scoring systems‚ and the scores you receive with Identity Guard are not the
 same scores used by lenders to evaluate your credit.

 **Identity Theft Insurance underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International
 Group, Inc. The description herein is a summary, intended for informational purposes only, and does not include all
 terms, conditions, and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions,
 and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.

Credit scores are provided by CreditXpert® based on data from the three major credit bureaus.

                                           ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE

If you wish to take advantage of this monitoring service, you must enroll by June 30, 2016.

To activate this coverage, please visit the website listed below and enter the redemption code. The redemption code
is required for enrollment and can only be used one time by the individual addressed.

Website: www.identityguard.com/enroll
Total Protection Redemption Code: <<Account Code>>

In order to enroll, you will need to provide the following personal information:

      •	    Mailing Address                  •	   Date of Birth                     •	   SSN
      •	    Phone Number                     •	   Email Address                     •	   Redemption Code

This service is complimentary; no method of payment will be collected during enrollment, and there is no need to
cancel.

We encourage you to remain vigilant against incidents of identity theft and financial loss by reviewing your
account statements and monitoring your credit reports for suspicious activity. Under U.S. law, everyone is entitled
to one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit bureaus. To order a free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free 1-877-322-8228. Individuals may also contact the three major credit
bureaus directly to request a free copy of their credit report:
                   Equifax                              Experian                            TransUnion
               P.O. Box 105069                       P.O. Box 2002                         P.O. Box 2000
              Atlanta, GA 30348                     Allen, TX 75013                       Chester, PA 19022
                800-525-6285                         888-397-3742                          800-680-7289
              www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                      www.transunion.com

O9943 v.04 04.05.2016
At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your credit file. A “fraud alert” will
tell creditors to take additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name; however, because
it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay your ability to obtain credit while the
credit bureaus verify your identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to
place fraud alerts on your files. You may use the contact information listed above to contact the major credit bureaus
and place a “fraud alert” on your credit report.

You can also place a “security freeze” on your credit file that prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any
information from your credit report without your written authorization, but it may delay, interfere with, or prevent
the timely approval of any requests for new credit. If you have been a victim of identity theft and provide the credit
reporting agency with a valid police report, the credit reporting agency cannot charge to place, lift, or remove a
security freeze. In all other cases, a credit agency may charge you a fee to place, temporarily lift, or permanently
remove a security freeze. If you incur a cost to place a security freeze, please let us know. You must contact each of
the credit reporting agencies separately to place a security freeze on your credit file:

        Equifax Security Freeze                Experian Security Freeze                     TransUnion LLC
            PO Box 105788                           PO Box 9554                              PO Box 2000
           Atlanta, GA 30348                      Allen, TX 75013                          Chester, PA 19022
              800-685-1111                          888-397-3742                             888-909-8862
      800-349-9960 (NY Residents)                www.experian.com                        freeze.transunion.com
        www.freeze.equifax.com

You      can      also      contact     the      IRS      at    www.irs.gov/Individuals/Identity-Protection       or
www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft for helpful information and guidance on steps you can take to
prevent a fraudulent tax return from being filed in your name and what to do if you become the victim of such fraud.

You can further educate yourself regarding identity theft, fraud alerts, security freezes, and the steps you can take
to protect yourself by contacting your state Attorney General or the Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade
Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been misused to file a complaint with
them. The Federal Trade Commission can be reached at: 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580;
www.ftc.gov/idtheft; 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338); and TTY: 1-866-653-4261. For Maryland residents,
the Attorney General can be reached at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202; 1-888-743-0023; and
www.oag.state.md.us. For North Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 9001 Mail Service
Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov.

Instances of known or suspected identity theft should be reported to law enforcement, your Attorney General, and
the FTC.




O9944 v.04 04.05.2016
EXHIBIT B
Staff:

As a follow-up to our previous emails, and as promised, we have arranged for you to have access to 1 free
year of triple-bureau credit monitoring and identity theft protection services through the Identity Guard®
Total Protection® service. You are now able to enroll and receive these services. Enrollment is limited
to employees that received a 2015 Form W-2 from Whiting-Turner, and covered family members
identified on a 2015 Form 1095-C from Whiting-Turner. Below are instructions for enrollment:

Employees
  • Please email creditmonitoring@whiting-turner.com or call Whiting-Turner at 410-337-5899
      between the hours of 8 am – 5 pm EDT to receive your unique redemption code.
  • To activate this service please visit www.identityguard.com/enroll and enter your redemption
      code. Your redemption code is required for enrollment, and can only be used one time by the
      assigned individual recipient.
  • In order to enroll, you will need to provide the following personal information:
          ·     Mailing Address
          ·     Phone Number
          ·     Date of Birth
          ·     E-mail Address
          ·     Social Security Number
          ·     Unique Redemption Code
  • Please make sure you enroll by June 30, 2016. The codes will not work after this date.

Adult Beneficiaries or Adult Dependents
If you are the primary health care policyholder for your adult beneficiary or adult dependent we will
also be providing them with access to 1 free year of the above services. You can email
creditmonitoring@whiting-turner.com or call Whiting-Turner at 410-337-5899 between the hours of 8
am – 5 pm EDT to obtain their unique redemption code as well, so they can follow the instructions above
to enroll to receive these services. We are also happy to provide your family member their unique code if
they call the above number.

Minor Dependents
If you are the primary health care policyholder for your minor dependent(s), we will be providing you,
the parent/guardian, with access to 1 free year of Identity Guard® For Kids identity monitoring service.
You are now able to enroll and receive these services on behalf of your minor dependent(s). Below are
instructions for enrollment:

    •    Please email creditmonitoring@whiting-turner.com or call Whiting-Turner at 410-337-5899
         between the hours of 8 am – 5 pm EDT to receive your minor dependent’s redemption code. One
         (1) Identity Guard® For Kids redemption code will cover services for up to 2 minors within a
         single household. If you have more than 2 minor dependents within your household, we are
         happy to provide an additional redemption code for their use.
    •    To activate this service on behalf of your minor dependent(s), please follow the enrollment
         instructions shown above.
Below is additional information regarding the Identity Guard® services being offered:

Employees and their adult beneficiaries and adult dependents who received an offer of membership in the
Identity Guard® Total Protection® service will receive the following features:

    •    SSN Monitoring                                                      •    ID Vault Password Protection
    •    Online “Black Market” Monitoring                                    •    Address Change Monitoring
    •    ID Verification Alerts                                              •    3-Buerau Credit Analyzer
    •    Account Takeover Alerts                                             •    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance**
    •    Identity Theft Victim Assistance                                    •    Account Access via Mobile App
    •    Lost Wallet Protection                                              •    Public Record Monitoring
    •    Daily 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring                                    •    PC Keyboard Encryption Software
    •    3-Bureau Credit Reports (Quarterly)                                 •    PC Antivirus Software
    •    3-Bureau Credit Scores* (Quarterly)

If you are the parent/guardian of an affected minor who received an offer of membership in Identity
Guard® For Kids service, your child, will receive the following features:
    • Ongoing visibility into potential exposure of your child’s personal data
    • A comprehensive “Digital Footprint” report showing detected data
    • Extensive monitoring for your child’s Social Security Number, Date of Birth, Name, Address,
        and even Bank Account Numbers
    • Alerts to certain kinds of activity detected
    • Identity Guard for Kids scans for:
        • SSN exposure online
        • Criminal records
        • DMV records
        • Utilities
        • Bankruptcy filings
        • Property records
        • New cell phone accounts
        • Car Loans
        • And more

Please refer to our prior e-mails for other tips on helping to protect against identity theft and fraud.

We are very sorry for any inconvenience or concern this incident causes you. The security of your
information is a priority to us, and we are taking steps to prevent an incident like this from happening
again.

Sincerely,

Anthony G. Moag
Chief Operating Officer


  * The scores you receive with Identity Guard® are provided for educational purposes to help you understand your credit.
    They are calculated using the information contained in your Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion credit files. Lenders use
    many different credit scoring systems, and the scores you receive with Identity Guard® are not the same scores used by
    lenders to evaluate your credit. Credit scores are provided by CreditXpert® based on data from the three major credit
    bureaus.

  ** Identity Theft Insurance underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc.
     The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms,
     conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions
     of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.
