       The Home Depot Provides Update on Breach Investigation
           Breach confirmed
           Investigation focused on April forward
           No evidence of debit PIN numbers compromised
           No customers liable for fraudulent charges
           Customers offered free ID protection, including credit monitoring services


ATLANTA, September 8, 2014 -- The Home Depot®, the world's largest home improvement retailer,
today confirmed that its payment data systems have been breached, which could potentially impact
customers using payment cards at its U.S. and Canadian stores. There is no evidence that the breach has
impacted stores in Mexico or customers who shopped online at HomeDepot.com.

While the company continues to determine the full scope, scale and impact of the breach, there is no
evidence that debit PIN numbers were compromised.

Home Depot’s investigation is focused on April forward, and the company has taken aggressive steps to
address the malware and protect customer data. The Home Depot is offering free identity protection
services, including credit monitoring, to any customer who used a payment card at a Home Depot store in
2014, from April on. Customers who wish to take advantage of these services can learn more at
www.homedepot.com or by calling 1-800-HOMEDEPOT (800-466-3337).

“We apologize for the frustration and anxiety this causes our customers, and I want to thank them for
their patience and support as we work through this issue,” said Frank Blake, chairman and CEO. “We
owe it to our customers to alert them that we now have enough evidence to confirm that a breach has
indeed occurred. It’s important to emphasize that no customers will be responsible for fraudulent charges
to their accounts.”

The investigation began on Tuesday morning, September 2, immediately after the company received
reports from its banking partners and law enforcement that criminals may have hacked its payment data
systems.

Since then, the company’s internal IT security team has been working around the clock with leading IT
security firms, its banking partners and the Secret Service to rapidly gather facts and provide information
to customers.

Responding to the increasing threat of cyber-attacks on the retail industry, The Home Depot previously
confirmed it will roll out EMV “Chip and PIN” to all U.S. stores by the end of this year, well in advance
of the October 2015 deadline established by the payments industry.

                                                  -more-
                                                   -2-

The Home Depot is the world’s largest home improvement specialty retailer, with 2,266 retail stores in all
50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian
provinces and Mexico. In fiscal 2013, The Home Depot had sales of $78.8 billion and earnings of $5.4
billion. The Company employs more than 300,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and
Standard & Poor's 500 index.
                                                   ###
For more information, contact:
Financial Community                              News Media
Diane Dayhoff                                    Stephen Holmes
Vice President of Investor Relations             Director of Corporate Communications
770-384-2666                                     770-384-5075
diane_dayhoff@homedepot.com                      stephen_holmes@homedepot.com
 


                                        NOTICE TO OUR CUSTOMERS

We have important information for you to help protect the privacy and security of your personal information, a
matter The Home Depot takes very seriously.

What Happened?

On September 8, 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems have been breached, which could potentially
impact customers using payment cards at our U.S. and Canadian stores. There is no evidence that the breach has
impacted stores in Mexico or customers who shopped online at HomeDepot.com. Additionally, while we continue to
determine the full scope, scale and impact of the breach, there is no evidence that debit PIN numbers were
compromised.

We apologize for the frustration and anxiety this causes our customers and we thank you for your patience and
support as we work through this issue.

Our investigation is focused on April forward, and we have taken aggressive steps to address the malware and
protect customer data. We are offering free identity protection services, including credit monitoring, to any customer
who used a payment card at a Home Depot store in 2014, from April on. Customers who wish to take advantage of
these services can learn more at www.homedepot.com or by calling 1-800-HOMEDEPOT.

The investigation began on Tuesday morning, September 2, immediately after we received reports from our banking
partners and law enforcement that criminals may have hacked our payments data systems. Since then, our internal
IT security team has been working around the clock with leading IT security firms, our banking partners and the
Secret Service to rapidly gather facts and provide information to customers.

What data may have been compromised?

Payment card information such as name, credit card number, expiration date, cardholder verification value and
service code for purchases made at Home Depot stores in 2014, from April on. At this time, we have no reason to
believe that checks were impacted. Additionally, while we continue to determine the full scope, scale and impact of
the breach, there is no evidence that debit PIN numbers were compromised.

What should you do?

It is always a good idea to review your payment card statements carefully and call your bank or card issuer if you
see any suspicious transactions. The policies of the payment card brands such as Visa, MasterCard, American
Express and Discover provide that you have zero liability for any unauthorized charges if you report them in a
timely manner.

If you find any indication of unauthorized accounts or transactions, you should report the possible threat to your
identity to local law enforcement, your State’s Attorney General’s office, or the Federal Trade Commission. We
have provided contact information for some of those entities below as well as certain actions you may take,
including obtaining your credit report and placing fraud alerts or credit freezes on your credit file. You should
report any unauthorized accounts you see on your credit report to the credit reporting agency from which you
obtained the credit report.

To assist our customers who may have been affected by the breach, we are offering free identity protection services,
including credit repair services, credit monitoring, and an identity theft insurance policy to any customer who used a
payment card at a Home Depot store in 2014, from April on. Affected customers may receive 12 months of identity
protection services beginning on September 8, 2014, at no cost to the customer. You may obtain registration
information by calling 1-800-HOME-DEPOT or visiting www.HomeDepot.com.




 
 


What additional steps can I take?

Order Your Free Credit Report. You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of
the three national credit bureaus, whose contact information is below. To order your free credit report, you can also
visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at 877-322-8228 or complete the Annual Credit Report Request
Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281.

When you receive your credit reports, review them carefully to ensure that the information they contain is accurate.
If you see anything on your credit reports or credit card account statements that appears incorrect, contact the credit
reporting agencies and/or your credit card provider, and report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law
enforcement, the Attorney General, or the FTC (contact information below). Even if you do not find any signs of
fraud on your reports or account statements, the FTC suggests that you check your credit reports and account
statements periodically, or at least every few months, as identity thieves may not use personal information released
in a security incident right away. Some businesses may give victims of security incidents free services; make sure
that those offers are legitimate before signing up.

Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File

To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps
protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit accounts in your name. When a merchant
checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be a
victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can
report potential identity theft to all three of the major credit bureaus by calling any one of the toll-free fraud numbers
below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three
bureaus.

                  Equifax                                Experian                              TransUnion
                P.O. Box 105069                         P.O. Box 1017                           P.O. Box 2000
            Atlanta, GA 30348-5069                   Allen, TX 75013                      Chester, PA 19022-2000
              800-525-6285                            888-397-3742                            800-680-7289
            www.equifax.com                         www.experian.com                        fraud.transunion.com

Place a Security Freeze on Your Credit File

You may wish to place a “security freeze” on your credit file. A security freeze generally will prevent creditors
from accessing your credit file at the three nationwide credit bureaus without your consent. However, please be
aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of
any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services. The credit reporting
agencies have three (3) business days after receiving a request to place a security freeze on a consumer’s credit
report. You can request a security freeze by contacting and placing an order with each of the credit bureaus at:

    Equifax Security Freeze                  Experian Security Freeze                   TransUnion Security Freeze
    P.O. Box 105788                          P.O. Box 9554                              P.O. Box 2000
    Atlanta, GA 30348                        Allen, TX 75013                            Chester, PA 19022-2000
    https://www.freeze.equifax.com           www.experian.com/freeze                    freeze.transunion.com

The credit bureaus may charge a reasonable fee to place a security freeze on your credit file. In order to request a
security freeze, you will need to provide the following information:

      1.   Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
      2.   Social Security Number;
      3.   Date of birth;
      4.   If you have moved in the past five (5) years, provide the addresses where you have lived over the prior five
           (5) years;



 
 


    5.   Proof of current address such as a current utility bill or telephone bill;
    6.   A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s license or ID card, military
         identification, etc.)
    7.   If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of the police report, investigative report, or complaint to
         a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft; and
    8.   If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card (Visa,
         MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.

Lifting a Credit Freeze: To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access to your
credit report, you must call or send a written request to the credit reporting agencies by mail and include proper
identification (name, address, and social security number) and the PIN number or password provided to you when
you placed the security freeze as well as the identities of those entities or individuals you would like to receive your
credit report or the specific period of time you want the credit report available. The credit reporting agencies have
three (3) business days after receiving your request to lift the security freeze for those identified entities or for the
specified period of time.

To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit bureaus by mail and
include proper identification (name, address, and social security number) and the PIN number or password provided
to you when you placed the security freeze. The credit bureaus have three (3) business days after receiving your
request to remove the security freeze.

Additional Information for Massachusetts Residents:

Placing a Credit Freeze: Massachusetts law also allows consumers to place a security freeze on their credit reports.
See the description above about what a security freeze does and how to order them with each of the one. Under
Massachusetts law, if you have been a victim of identity theft, and you provide the credit reporting agency with a
valid police report, it cannot charge you to place, lift, or remove a security freeze. In all other cases, a credit
reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 each to place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security
freeze.

Obtaining Police Reports: You have a right to obtain a police report relating to this incident. If you are the victim
of identity theft, you also have the right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it.


Helpful Contacts. You can learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft by
contacting the Federal Trade Commission to obtain additional information about how to avoid identity theft, how to
place a fraud alert, and how to place a security freeze on your credit report.

    Federal Trade Commission,
    Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
    Washington, DC 20580
    1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
    www.ftc.gov/idtheft

For Iowa residents: You may also contact local law enforcement or the Iowa attorney General’s Office to report
suspected incidents of identity theft. You can reach the Iowa Attorney General at:

    Iowa Attorney General
    1305 E. Walnut Street
    Des Moines, IA 50319
    515-281-5164
    http://www.iowaattorneygeneral.gov.

For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from
the:


 
 



    Maryland Office of the Attorney General,
    Consumer Protection Division
    200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202
    1-888-743-0023
    www.oag.state.md.us

For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft
from the:

    North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
    Consumer Protection Division
    9001 Mail Service Center
    Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
    1-919-716-6400
    www.ncdoj.gov




 
