In care of ID Experts
10300 SW Greenburg Road, Suite 570
Portland, OR 97223                                                                   March 6, 2015

[Name]
[Address1]
[Address2]
[City, State Zip]


Dear [First Name] [Last Name],

I write to inform you about a potential data incident at The Painted Turtle that may have
involved some of your personal information.

The Painted Turtle is a non-profit organization that offers a fun, safe camp environment to
thousands of children with life-threatening diseases and their families each year free of charge.
Prospective campers and their families submit an online application in order to attend camp
sessions at The Painted Turtle.

The incident involved an error in the database supporting The Painted Turtle’s online application
system for campers and volunteers. Because of this error, there is a chance that information that
you provided in your online camper/family member application to The Painted Turtle may have
been viewable by individuals you listed as a Medical Provider or Emergency Contact. If it was
viewable, it would have included your name, address, personal medical information, and health
insurance information. The online application did not request your Social security number,
driver’s license number, bank account number or credit card information and that information
was therefore not viewable.

Your information would not have been viewable unless a specific chain of events occurred.
Specifically: (1) you would have had to identify someone as a Medical Provider or Emergency
Contact in your application in 2013–2014, and (2) that person would have had to begin filling
out an application as well, and (3) while that person’s application (and your application) was still
pending, (4) they would have had to access their pending application and click “show related
profiles” and your name. Again, your information would not have been accessible to anyone
outside of the persons you listed as Medical Providers or Emergency Contacts in your
application.

We became aware of this issue on January 12, 2015. As soon as this error was brought to our
attention, we began taking steps to address and mitigate the risk to you. We immediately
brought the database offline to prevent anyone from being able to access your records. Also, in
an effort to prevent similar data breaches in the future, before bringing the system back online
we updated our database’s code to prevent the issue from occurring again.

At this time, there is no evidence that your information has been misused. Nevertheless, we
regret any adverse impact this incident may have on you and hope this notification will allow
you to take action along with our own efforts to minimize or eliminate any potential harm to you.

We are working with ID Experts®, the data breach and recovery experts. Representatives from
ID Experts have been fully versed on this incident and can answer questions or concerns you
may have regarding protection of your personal information by calling 866-486-4814. ID
Experts is available Monday through Friday from 6 am – 6 pm Pacific Time.

Sincerely,



Blake Maher
The Painted Turtle


(Enclosure)
                        Recommended Steps to Help Protect Your Information

1. Telephone. Contact ID Experts at 866-486-4814 to gain additional information about this event and
speak with knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your credit
identity.

2. Protect Your Medical and Health Insurance Information. We recommend that you regularly
review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from your insurer. If you see any service
that you believe you did not receive, please notify your insurer at the number on the statement. If you do
not receive regular explanation of benefits statements, contact your provider or plan and request them to
send such statements following the provision of services in your name or number.

Keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical records. You
may also want to request a copy of your medical records from your plan to serve as a baseline.

3. Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by monitoring your credit
report for any medical bills that you do not recognize. Under federal law, you are entitled every 12
months to one free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit reporting companies. To
obtain a free annual credit report, go to www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. You may
wish to stagger your requests so that you receive a free report by one of the three credit bureaus every
four months.

When you receive your credit report, look it over carefully. Look for accounts that you did not open and
medical bills that you do not recognize. If you discover any suspicious items call the credit reporting
agency at the phone number on the report.

Important note for minors: In most cases, minors under the age of 18 may not have a credit file
established yet. That being said, you will be able to pull copies of their reports to review. If you suspect
someone is using your child’s information, please contact TransUnion at childidtheft@transunion.com.

4. Right to file police report. You should also know that you have the right to file a police report if you
ever experience identity fraud. Please note that in order to file a crime report or incident report with law
enforcement for identity theft, you will likely need to provide some kind of proof that you have been a
victim. Get a copy of the police report. A police report is often required to dispute fraudulent items. You
can report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, the Attorney General, or to the
Federal Trade Commission.

5. Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. You can place a fraud alert at one of the three major
credit bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to
follow certain procedures, including contacting you, before they open any new accounts or change your
existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you
seek to obtain credit. The contact information for all three bureaus is as follows:

Credit Bureaus
Equifax Fraud Reporting           Experian Fraud Reporting          TransUnion Fraud Reporting
1-800-525-6285                    1-888-397-3742                    1-800-680-7289
P.O. Box 740241                   P.O. Box 9554                     Fraud Victim Assistance Division
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241            Allen, TX 75013                   P.O. Box 6790
www.alerts.equifax.com            www.experian.com                  Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                    www.transunion.com
It is necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As soon as one
of the three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts on their records as
well. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to order all three credit
reports, free of charge, for your review. A fraud alert lasts 90 days. You can keep the fraud alert in place
by calling again after 90 days.

6. Security Freeze. If you are concerned that you may be a victim of identity theft, you may place a
security freeze on your credit files. By placing a security freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your
personal identifying information will not be able to use that information to open new accounts or borrow
money in your name. You will need to contact the three national credit reporting bureaus listed above in
writing to place the freeze. Keep in mind that when you place the freeze, you will not be able to borrow
money, obtain instant credit, or get a new credit card until you temporarily lift or permanently remove the
freeze. The cost of placing the freeze varies by the state you live in and for each credit reporting agency.
However, if you are a victim of identity theft and have filed a report with your local law enforcement
agency or submitted an ID Theft Complaint Form with the Federal Trade Commission, there may be no
charge to place the freeze.

7. For more information about child identity theft, please visit http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/
0040-child-identity-theft.

8. You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft from the
following agencies. The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their
information has been misused to file a complaint with them.

For California Residents:                                    For Kentucky Residents:
Visit the California Office of Privacy                       Office of the Attorney General of Kentucky
Protection (www.privacy.ca.gov) for                          700 Capitol Avenue, Suite 118
additional information on protection                         Frankfort, Kentucky 40601
against identity theft                                       www.ag.ky.gov
                                                             Telephone:1-502-696-5300
For Maryland Residents:
Office of the Attorney General of Maryland                   For North Carolina Residents:
Consumer Protection Division                                 Office of the Attorney General of North Carolina
200 St. Paul Place                                           9001 Mail Service Center
Baltimore, MD 21202                                          Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
www.oag.state.md.us/Consumer                                 www.ncdoj.com/
Telephone: 1-888-743-0023                                    Telephone: 1-919-716-6400

For all US Residents:
Identity Theft Clearinghouse
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.consumer.gov/idtheft
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
TDD: 1-202-326-2502
