August 23, 2012

Name
Street Address
City, State, Zip Code

Member ID #: Employee ID #

RE:      Inadvertent Disclosure of Personal Information

Dear Name:

I am writing to inform you that the John Stewart Company (“JSCo”) recently inadvertently included your
name, social security number and, in some cases, birth date, in e-mails that were sent to various JSCo
employees on August 7, 2012 and August 13, 2012. We regret this inadvertent disclosure and have
taken immediate steps to (a) delete the e-mail from every computer to which it was sent, (b) prevent
any similar event from occurring in the future, and (c) provide you with assistance to both protect your
credit and deal with any issues that may arise from this inadvertent disclosure.

Although the type of information disclosed could be used to open credit account(s) or take other
inappropriate actions in your name, at this time we have no indication that your information has been
misused in this way or that any other suspicious activity has occurred. However, in an abundance of
caution, JSCo has voluntarily retained LifeLock to provide you with one (1) year of identity theft
protection at no cost to you.

 To begin protecting yourself immediately at no cost to you:

        Call 1-877-509-5357 or visit www.lifelock.com to enroll. Just click on the red “Enroll
         Now” button in the “Enroll Today!” box in the bottom right-hand corner.

        Enter the promotion code: TJSC2012, then hit “Apply” (not “Continue”); you will
         then be prompted to enter your Member ID (listed above for your reference).

        Your Member ID is the same as your 6-digit employee (“clock”) number – that
         number is located underneath your mailing address above.


LifeLock has a specialized team of telephone representatives that is available 24 hours a day, seven days
a week to answer any questions you may have regarding the recent data disclosure. You will have until
September 30th, 2012 to enroll in this service.



      1388 Sutter Street • 11th Floor • San Francisco, CA 94109 • Tel (415) 345-4400 • Fax (415) 614-9175 • www.jsco.net
                              San Francisco • Sacramento • Santa Cruz • Los Angeles • San Diego
Once you have completed the LifeLock enrollment process, its services will be in effect immediately.
Your LifeLock membership includes:

     Identity Threat Detection and Alerts – Alerts you whenever LifeLock detects your personal
      information in fraudulent applications – both credit and noncredit related.
     Advance Internet Threat Detection - Patrols black market Internet sites for the illegal selling or
      trading of your information.
     Address Change Verification – Warns you when a detected change of address is requested in
      your name, helping reduce your chances of mail theft.
     Lost Wallet Protection – LifeLock will help you quickly cancel and replace lost or stolen credit
      cards to help stop fraudulent charges.

LifeLock backs up its services with its $1 Million Total Service Guarantee. (Guarantee applies only if you
become a victim of identity theft because of a failure in LifeLock service. Other restrictions apply. See
www.lifelock.com for details.)

In addition to enrolling with LifeLock as described above, there are other actions you can take to reduce
the chance of any fraud or identity theft using the disclosed information. Attached to this letter is a list
of proactive steps you can take to reduce the risk of any inappropriate use of your information.

Finally, please note that this letter was not delayed by any law enforcement investigation of the
disclosure (since it was an inadvertent staff error, as opposed to a hacking incident or other criminal
act), and that staff has personally apologized to both you and the Company for any problems this
inadvertent disclosure may cause. And while we already had various protocols and procedures in place
to prevent such an incident, we are working hard to reinforce those policies and practices to prevent a
similar incident from occurring in the future.

Please rest assured that the safety and well-being of our employees is our highest priority. We
apologize for any inconvenience this incident may cause you, and thank you for your understanding and
cooperation. If you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact us at (415) 345-
4475.

Sincerely,




Jack D. Gardner
President & CEO
               PROACTIVE STEPS YOU CAN TAKE TO HELP PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

   ENROLL WITH LIFELOCK IMMEDIATELY!

   REMAIN VIGILANT FOR THE NEXT 12 TO 24 MONTHS.
    Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. If you
    discover unauthorized or suspicious activity on your credit report or by any other means, please call
    your local police department immediately and file an identity theft report.

   PLACE A 90-DAY FRAUD ALERT ON YOUR CREDIT FILE.
    A fraud alert notifies creditors that you may be the victim of fraud and tells them to contact you
    before opening any new accounts. Please call any one of the three nationwide consumer reporting
    agencies listed below. By calling one reporting agency, the other two will automatically be notified.
    They will place a fraud alert on your credit file and assist you in getting a free credit report from
    each of the three agencies. The initial fraud alert will last for 90 days. You may want to renew it
    after the first 90 days. This fraud alert is a free service and is valid for 7 years.

                 Equifax                            Experian                           TransUnion
            P.O. Box 740241                      P.O. Box 9532                  Fraud Victim Assistance
        Atlanta, GA 30374-0241                  Allen, TX 75013                      P.O. Box 6790
            1-800-525-6285                      1-888-397-3742                 Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
           www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                     1-800-680-7289
                                                                                 www.transunion.com

   ORDER FREE ANNUAL CREDIT REPORTS.
    To order free annual credit reports, call toll-free 1-877-322-8228, visit www.annualcreditreport.com,
    or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form online and mail it to: Annual Credit Report
    Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. Hearing impaired consumers can
    access the TDD service at 1-877-730-4104. For your free annual credit report, do not contact the
    three nationwide consumer reporting companies individually; they provide this service only through
    www.annualcreditreport.com.

   WHEN YOU RECEIVE YOUR CREDIT REPORTS, REVIEW THEM CAREFULLY.
    Once you receive your credit reports, review them carefully. Please look for accounts you did not
    open or inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. Verify that all the information is accurate.
    If you have any questions or notice inaccurate information, please call the consumer reporting
    agency at the telephone number listed on the report.

   LEARN MORE ABOUT IDENTITY THEFT AND WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF.
    The Federal Trade Commission has on-line guidance about steps people can take to protect
    themselves against identity theft. You can call 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338); TTY: 1-866-653-
    4261; write Identity Theft Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW,
    Washington, DC 20580; or visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/idtheft to
    get more information. We also encourage you to report any suspected identity theft to the Federal
    Trade Commission.
