October 8, 2013


«First_Name» «Last_Name»
«Address1»
«City», «State» «Zipcode»


Dear «First_Name»:

Radiant Systems, Inc. provides point of sale and back office technology to The
Fisherman’s Restaurant. We regret to inform you of an incident Radiant recently
discovered that has put some of your personal information potentially at risk. We are
writing to provide you with information about the incident and advise you of steps you
may wish to take.

On September 23, 2013, Radiant learned that certain personal information concerning
employees of The Fisherman’s Restaurant had been erroneously transmitted over a period
of time to another Radiant Systems restaurant customer. These data transmissions took
place from approximately May 3, 2013 through September 24, 2013. You are among the
employees whose information was mistakenly transmitted to the other customer. The
personal information transmitted may include, to the extent it was included in your
records:

      Your first, middle and last name and       Your address and telephone number
       your nickname
      Your date of birth                         Your Social Security Number
      Your gender                                Your veteran’s status
      Your marital status and your number        Certain employment-related
       of dependents                               information about you, such as your
                                                   dates of hire and termination, and
                                                   whether you were a rehire.

Radiant promptly launched an investigation into the incident, and, as of this time, the
investigation has uncovered no evidence of misuse of your personal information. In
addition, Radiant took steps to stop the erroneous data transmission and worked with the
recipient to delete your personal information from its systems. However, as a precaution
we believe it is important that we advise you of this incident and give you information
about how to protect yourself.
Please see the information in the “Information about Identity Theft Prevention”
attachment about how you can place a fraud alert and/or credit freeze on your credit file
and how you can obtain a free copy of your credit report.

In addition, to help protect your identity we are offering a complimentary one-year
membership to Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible
misuse of your personal information and provides you with superior identity protection
support focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. To activate
your ProtectMyID account, follow these three easy steps:

   1. Ensure that you enroll by: January 31, 2014 (Your code will not work after this date.)
   2. Visit the ProtectMyID website to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
   3. Provide your activation code: «Experian_Activation_Code»

Radiant and The Fisherman’s Restaurant take data security very seriously. We apologize
for any concern or inconvenience this matter may have caused you. If you have any
questions or would like to discuss this matter, please feel free to contact Bob Novello,
Regional Director at (949) 498-6390. If you have questions regarding Experian’s
ProtectMyId or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call (877) 371-7902.


Sincerely,


John Pearson                                           Bob Novello




Director of Data Security & Compliance                 Regional Director
Radiant Systems, Inc.                                  The Fisherman’s Restaurant
