DATE


Street Address
Town, Zip Code


Dear

Prudential provides, or in the past did provide, group life insurance to you as a result of your
employment relationship with Unisys. I am writing to let you know that a Prudential associate
made a clerical error and inadvertently emailed a document containing information relating to
your insurance relationship with us, including your name, address, date of birth, Social Security
number, and salary information, to another individual at Unisys. This occurred on December
13, 2012. The recipient notified the Prudential associate immediately and notified Unisys
management, which also notified Prudential. The recipient has deleted the document as well.

We have no reason to believe that the information about you has been used improperly or
inappropriately or that you are at risk for identity theft because of this matter. Nonetheless, we
are sending you this letter because we take our responsibility to safeguard personal
information seriously, and we wanted to make you aware of the situation. We have made
arrangements to provide you with a two-year complimentary membership in Equifax Credit
Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring identity theft protection, a program that monitors your
credit file and notifies you of certain activity. The enclosed sheet provides instructions for
enrollment and should you choose to enroll, please use the following promotion code
XXXXXXXXX, which will be valid for your use through May 31, 2013.

There are other steps you can take to further protect yourself against identity theft or other
unauthorized use of personal information if you are concerned.

•   We recommend that you remain vigilant and regularly review your account statements and
    credit reports for any unauthorized activity. Promptly report incidents of suspected identity
    theft or fraud to your local law enforcement agency, the Federal Trade Commission, your
    financial institution and to one of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies listed
    below to have it removed from your credit file.

•   You may contact the fraud departments of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies to
    discuss your options. You have the right to place a free 90-day fraud alert on your credit
    file. A fraud alert lets creditors know to contact you before opening new accounts. It also
    may delay your ability to obtain credit. To place a fraud alert on your credit report contact
    the three credit reporting agencies below. You may obtain additional information from
    these credit reporting agencies and the Federal Trade Commission regarding fraud alerts
    and security freezes.
        Experian                     Equifax                         TransUnion
        (888) 397-3742               (877) 478-7625                  (800) 680-7289
        P.O. Box 9532                P.O. Box 740241                 P.O. Box 6790
        Allen, TX 75013              Atlanta, GA 30374-0241          Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
        www.experian.com             www.equifax.com                 www.transunion.com

•   You can obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the three nationwide
    consumer reporting agencies by calling 1-877-322-8228 or going online to
    www.annualcreditreport.com. Under federal law, you are entitled to one free copy of your
    credit report every 12 months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting agencies.
    You may want to obtain copies of your credit report to ensure the accuracy of the report
    information.

•   To learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft and to report incidents of identity
    theft, you can visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.consumer.gov/idtheft,
    or www.ftc.gov/credit, or call 1-877-IDTHEFT (1-877-438-4338). You may also receive
    information from the Federal Trade Commission by writing to:

                                   Federal Trade Commission
                                  Consumer Response Center
                                 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                    Washington, DC 20580.

We regret any inconvenience or concern this incident may cause you and remain committed to
protecting the privacy of personal information. If you have any questions about this situation,
please do not hesitate to contact us by calling us at 877-604-4778 between the hours of 8:00
am and 8:00 pm.




                                                                 Very truly yours,
Directions for Enrolling in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold Offered by Prudential


Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit
file and help you to understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit reporting
agencies. The key features and benefits are listed below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring of your Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion credit
   reports with daily notification of key changes to your credit files from any of the three
   agencies.
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your
   Equifax credit information, to provide personalize identity theft victim assistance and in
   initiating an investigation of inaccurate information.
o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal functionality (available online only)

How to Enroll
Equifax has a simple Internet-based verification and enrollment process that you can use, or
you may enroll by calling the toll-free telephone number below. In either case, you will need
to use the code from the attached cover letter, which will be valid for your use through
Date.

o   To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
    Consumer Information: complete the form with your contact information (name, address
    and e-mail address) and click “Continue” button. The information is provided in a secured
    environment.
o   Identity Verification: complete the form with your Social Security Number, date of birth,
    telephone number, create a User Name and Password, agree to the Terms of Use and
    click “Continue” button. The system will ask you up to two security questions to verify your
    identity.
o   Payment Information: During the “check out” process, enter the promotion code, provided
    at the top of your letter, in the “Enter Promotion Code” box. After entering your code, press
    the “Apply Code” button and then the “Submit Order” button at the bottom of the page.
    (This code eliminates the need to provide a credit card number for payment.)
o   Order Confirmation: – Click “View My Product” to access your 3-in-1 Credit Report and
    other product features.

To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch
automated enrollment process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US
Mail only.
1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as provided at the top of
    your letter (do not include the dash or any spaces)


†
 Insurance is underwritten by member companies of American International Group, Inc. The description herein is a
summary only. It does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the
actual policies for complete details of coverage and exclusions. This product is not intended for minors (under 18 years
of age).
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home
   address, name, date of birth and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access
   your credit file and to monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax cannot process
   your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that
   you will receive your Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your
   identity) or a Customer Care letter with further instructions (if your identity cannot be
   verified using the information provided). Please allow up to 10 business days to receive
   this information.
