Tim McCoy & Associates, Inc.
DBA: NEAT Management Group
Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 43
Claysburg, PA 16625




                                                                              September 16, 2014




       A3952-L01-0000107 ********MIXED AADC 159
       THEODORE JOHN SETTANNY JR
       5B YALE CT
       HUDSON, NH 03051-6905
       TDAFDTATFTAAADFATFADAFTATAAAFFFFAAFFTDTFDADTTATTAFDDDDDAAFDTATTDT




Dear Theodore John Settanny, Jr.:
Thank you for your business and your relationship over the years with Tim McCoy &
Associates, Inc. (doing business as NEAT Management Group). As a trusted member of the
insurance industry for over 40 years, we take very seriously our responsibility to safeguard all
sensitive and confidential information of our employees, partnering agents, and insurance
carriers.
For this reason, we are writing to inform you that a laptop belonging to one of our software
programmers was stolen on August 27, 2014. Unfortunately, we believe the stolen computer
contained your personal information, including your name, social security number, date of birth,
telephone number, and address (as well as employer identification number and e-mail address if
you previously provided these to us). We recently learned of the theft and are coordinating with
law enforcement to investigate the incident.
We have no indication of any unauthorized use of this personal information, nor do we believe
there was any intent to use this information. Nonetheless, we are extremely disappointed this                  0000107

incident occurred and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Please be
assured we will continue to thoroughly investigate this matter. We have already taken measures
to minimize future risks to your privacy by strengthening internal controls, working with law
enforcement, and providing you a full package of credit protection services for one year, free of
charge. This notification has not been delayed as a result of notifying law enforcement of the
incident.
We encourage you to remain vigilant by reviewing account statements and monitoring free credit
reports. Enclosed you will find the steps you will need to take to enroll in the services we are
making available to you. We hope you will take full advantage of the resources we have
provided at no cost to you.

                                                                                                   A3952-L01
Should you have questions, please contact the following:




Furthermore, should you wish to contact our company directly, please call 1-800-451-9143 or
write to Neat Management Group, P.O. Box 163010, Austin, Texas 78716. Again, we sincerely
regret any concern this may cause you and assure you that we will diligently work to maintain the
trust you have placed in us over the years.
                                            Sincerely,



                                            Tim J. McCoy, CEBS
                                            President and Chief Executive Officer
                                            Tim McCoy & Associates, Inc.
                                            dba: NEAT Management Group




                                                                                               A3952-L01
      Provided Assistance to Protect Your Privacy and Security
What we are doing to protect your information:
To help you to protect yourself, we are providing you a complimentary one-year membership of
Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal
information and provides you with superior identity protection support focused on immediate
identification and resolution of identity theft.
Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: December 31, 2014 (Your code will not work after this
   date.)
2. VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: NMG6NZ868
If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 888-829-6550.
Additional details regarding your one-year ProtectMyID Membership:
A credit card is not required for enrollment.
Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:
     ·    Free copy of your Experian credit report
     ·    Surveillance Alerts for:
             · Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity
                 found on your Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
     ·    Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to
        US-based customer care and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk
        you through the process of fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service.
        They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit grantors to dispute
        charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
        with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
            · It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data
                breach. To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which
                provides you with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after
                your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
    · $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost
                                                                                                                                            0000107



        wages, private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit
report for inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need
help understanding something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report
may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team at 888-829-6550
* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a
summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in
all jurisdictions.


                                                                                                                                A3952-L01
Additional Actions to Help Reduce Your Chances of Identity Theft
· Place a 90-Day Fraud Alert on Your Credit file
An initial 90 day security alert indicates to anyone requesting your credit file that you suspect you are a victim of fraud.
When you or someone else attempts to open a credit account in your name, increase the credit limit on an existing
account, or obtain a new card on an existing account, the lender should take steps to verify that you have authorized the
request. If the creditor cannot verify this, the request should not be satisfied. You may contact one of the credit reporting
companies below for assistance.
               Equifax                               Experian                                 TransUnion

          1-800-525-6285                         1-888-397-3742                             1-800-680-7289
          P.O. Box 105788                         P.O. Box 9554                   Fraud Victim Assistance Department
         Atlanta, GA 30348                       Allen, TX 75013                         Fullerton, CA 92834
         www.equifax.com                        www.experian.com                             P.O. Box 6790
                                                                                         www.transunion.com
·   Place A Security Freeze on Your Credit File
If you are very concerned about becoming a victim of fraud or identity theft, a security freeze might be right for you.
Placing a freeze on your credit report will prevent lenders and others from accessing your credit report entirely, which will
prevent them from extending credit. With a security freeze in place, you will be required to take special steps when you
wish to apply for any type of credit. This process is also completed through each of the credit reporting companies.
Depending on the applicable state laws, there may be a small charge for placing a freeze on your credit file. You may
contact one of the agencies above for help with security freezes as well.
·   Order Your Free Annual Credit Reports
Visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call 877-322-8228. Once you receive your credit reports, review them for
discrepancies. Identify any accounts you did not open or inquiries from creditors that you did not authorize. Verify all
information is correct. If you have questions or notice incorrect information, contact the credit reporting company.
·   Manage Your Personal Information
Take steps such as: carrying only essential documents with you; being aware of whom you are sharing your personal
information with and shredding receipts, statements, and other sensitive information.
·   Use Tools From Credit Providers
Carefully review your credit reports and bank, credit card and other account statements. Be proactive and create alerts on
credit cards and bank accounts to notify you of activity. If you discover unauthorized or suspicious activity on your credit
report or by any other means, file an identity theft report with your local police and contact a credit reporting company.
·   Obtain More Information About Identity Theft and Ways to Protect Yourself
    ·    Visit http://www.experian.com/credit-advice/topic-fraud-and-identity-theft.html for general information
         regarding protecting your identity.
    ·    The Federal Trade Commission has an identity theft hotline: 877-438-4338; TTY: 1-866-653-4261. They also
         provide information on-line at www.ftc.gov/idtheft.
·   Know the Relevant Authorities
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft, you should contact your local law enforcement and file a police report.
You should also consider contacting the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's identity theft hotline at (877) 438-4338, or visit
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0277-create-identity-theft-report to file a report and to obtain more information
about combating identity theft. You may also wish to contact your state Attorney General. Maryland residents can
contact their AG at (410) 576-6566 or http://www.oag.state.md.us/; North Carolina residents can contact their AG at (919)
716-6000 or http://www.ncdoj.gov/Home.aspx?lang=en-US; contact information for the other Attorneys General is
available at: http://www.naag.org/current-attomeys-general.php.




                                                                                                                 A3952-L01
