                                    [COMPANY Letterhead]

[Recipient Name]
[Recipient Address 1]
[Recipient Address 2]

[Date]

Dear _______________:

We previously notified you on May 17, 2013 about a security incident affecting your credit or
debit card that you used on (insert website) recently.

This letter is a formal explanation of what happened and steps you
can take to further protect your information.
On approximately May 14, 2013, an unauthorized third party obtained access to TJG, Inc. d/b/a
Target Marketing (“Target Marketing”)’s online e-commerce platform, and obtained certain
personal information associated with recent purchases on the site. This information included
your name, email, address, credit / debit card number, expiration date, and CVV code.

On May 15, 2013 (the day after the unauthorized access to the site), Target Marketing’s service
provider identified the site breach and immediately implemented security measures designed to
stop the attack and prevent it from recurring. These measures included applying security patches
to the relevant systems, and hiring experts to review and coordinate additional safeguards.
Target Marketing is also working with the payment card brands concerning the specific payment
cards at issue in this incident.

Nevertheless, we are writing to make you aware of this incident so that you can alert your
financial institution to cancel and reissue you a new card, as they determine prudent.

If you have further questions, you may contact Target Marketing toll-free at 888-780-8316
between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm, EST. Additionally, we have enclosed information on steps you
can take to further protect your information.

Target Marketing takes this matter very seriously and deeply regrets any inconvenience or
concern that it may cause you.

Sincerely,

Target Marketing


Jay Nathanson
President
Target Marketing
11049 Lakeridge Parkway
Ashland, VA 23005
Enclosure
                      Steps You Can Take To Further Protect Your Information

       Review Your Account Statements

As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you review your account statements and credit reports
closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly notify the financial
institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also should promptly report any
fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law enforcement authorities, your
state attorney general, or the Federal Trade Commission.

       Credit Report Monitoring

You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the 3 major credit reporting agencies once
every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 877-322-8228, or by
completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request
Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request form at
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0093-annual-report-request-form.pdf. Or you can elect to
purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the three national credit reporting agencies
shown below.

Equifax                             Experian                             TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                      (888) 397-3742                       (800) 916-8800
www.equifax.com                     www.experian.com                     www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241                     535 Anton Blvd., Suite 100           P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                   Costa Mesa, CA 92626                 Fullerton, CA 92834


       Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft

You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid identity
theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-438-
4338). Maryland residents may also wish to review information provided by the Maryland Attorney
General on how to avoid identity theft at http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to
idtheft@oag.state.md.us, or calling 410-576-6491. North Carolina residents may wish to review
information provided by the North Carolina Attorney General at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling
8770566-7226, or writing to 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, North Carolina 27699.

       Fraud Alert

You may consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. This fraud alert statement informs creditors
of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact any of the
three credit reporting agencies identified above.            Additional information is available at
http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

       Security Freeze

In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will prevent new
credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you
initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit
report without your consent. As a result, using a security freeze may interfere with or delay your ability
to obtain credit. Additionally, if you request a security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there
may be a fee up to $10 to place, lift, or remove the security freeze; however, this fee may be less in
certain states (in MA, up to $5). In order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide the
consumer reporting agency with information that identifies you including your full name, Social Security
number, date of birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued identification card, and
a recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement. You must separately place a security freeze on
your credit file with each credit reporting agency.
