                                                                                      4530 Conference Way S.
                                                                                        Boca Raton, FL 33431




<<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>                           <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>>, <<Stateprovince>> <<Postalcode>>
<<Intelligent Mail Barcode>>



Subject:	 Security Incident
Dear <<Firstname>> <<Middlename>> <<Lastname>>,
We are writing to tell you about a data security incident that may have exposed a limited amount of
your personal information.
We take the protection and proper use of information very seriously. We are contacting you directly
to let you know how we are protecting you personally and how we are strengthening our security.

What Happened?
TLO is a data solutions provider, providing investigative and risk management tools to law enforcement,
government agencies and private-sector organizations for due diligence, threat assessment, identity
authentication, fraud prevention and detection, legislative compliance, and debt recovery purposes.
On January 15, 2013, we discovered potential fraudulent access to our system. The individual accessed
a limited set of information which may have included information about you, including your name,
Social Security number and/or driver’s license number, through what we now believe was a fraudulent
account. There was limited access to information beginning in August of 2012, with the majority of access
through this account occurring in January, 2013. Upon discovering the fraudulent access, we immediately
terminated access and we worked with law enforcement to identify and locate the individual. Law
enforcement asked that we delay our notification to you so as not to interfere with their investigation.
The individual has been arrested and his operation has been shut down. To date, no misuse of information
has been reported to us or, to our knowledge, law enforcement. Law enforcement has lifted its hold
request, which is why we are notifying you at this time.




     Next Steps

ð    Your membership number is: <<MEMBERSHIPNUMBER>>
     1.	 Go to www.idintegrity.com to start your credit monitoring
      	 Please be prepared to provide your membership number. Instructions are provided online.
     	   If you would prefer to receive your alerts through the mail instead of online, fill out the enclosed
         Consumer Credit Report and Credit Monitoring Authorization Form and return it in the enclosed
         postage-paid envelope.
     2.	 Call 1-866-???-KrIh if you need help or have questions
     	 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday
     	 Kroll representatives are ready to help you.



                                                                                                    930J99-0313
What Are We Doing To Protect You?
We have taken and are taking appropriate measures to enhance our information security program to further
safeguard against a breach of data security in the future. In addition, we have secured the services of Kroll Advisory
Solutions to provide identity theft safeguards at no cost to you through its ID TheftSmart program. Kroll Advisory
                                                                                                 TM




Solutions is a global leader in risk mitigation and response, and their team has extensive experience when it comes
to helping people who have sustained an unintentional exposure of confidential data.
Your identity theft safeguards include Continuous Credit Monitoring and Enhanced Identity Theft Consultation
and Restoration. Instructions on how to receive your services are on the previous page.
TLO is providing you with access to the following services from Kroll Advisory Solutions, at no cost to you.
Please note that in order to activate the following services you will need to follow the instructions in the “Next
Steps” box on the first page of this letter.
    Continuous Credit Monitoring. We are providing you with no-cost access to Kroll’s credit monitoring service
    for 12 months from the date of this letter. Once activated, you will receive alerts whenever there are certain
    changes in your credit file that could indicate an issue.
    Enhanced Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Licensed Investigators, who truly understand the
    problems surrounding identity theft, are available to listen, to answer your questions, and to offer their expertise
    regarding any concerns you may have. And should your name and credit be affected by this incident, your
    investigator will help restore your identity to pre-theft status.
To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social
Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.

What Should You Do If You Have Any Questions Or Feel You Have An Identity Theft Issue?
Call 1-866-???-KrIh, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time), Monday through Friday. Kroll’s Licensed Investigators are
standing by to answer your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership
number ready.
Additionally, The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) offers consumers assistance and education materials relating
to identity theft, privacy issues, and security freezes. The FTC may be contacted at:
    Federal Trade Commission
    Consumer Response Center
    600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
    Washington, D.C. 20580
    (877) 438-4338
    www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/

We deeply regret that this has happened. We trust that the quality and reliability of the services we are offering
to you demonstrate our continued commitment to your security and satisfaction.
Sincerely,
Jaime Brightly
Compliance Specialist



P.S.	 Remember, safeguards for your personal data security are available at no cost to you.
      To enroll:
	      1.	 Go to www.idintegrity.com to activate your credit monitoring.
	3.	
   Call 1-866-???-KrIh if you have an identity theft issue or if you have any questions.
 	 Kroll’s licensed investigators are ready to help you.




                            Learn more about Kroll Advisory Solutions at www.krolladvisory.com
State Notification Requirements

All States.
You may obtain a copy of your credit report or request information on how to place a fraud alert or security
freeze by contacting any of the national credit bureaus below. It is recommended that you remain vigilant for
incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing credit card account statements and monitoring your credit
report for unauthorized activity.
	Equifax	                              Experian	                         TransUnion
	 P.O. Box 740241	                     P.O. Box 9554	                    P.O. Box 2000
	 Atlanta, Georgia 30374	              Allen, TX 75013	                  Chester, PA 19022
	1-800-525-6285	                       1-888-397-3742	                   1-800-888-4213
	www.equifax.com	                      www.experian.com	                 www.transunion.com

For residents of Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia.
It is required by state laws to inform you that you may obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge,
whether or not you suspect any unauthorized activity on your account.

For residents of Iowa.
State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.

For residents of Oregon.
State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement, as well as the Federal
Trade Commission.

For residents of Illinois, Maryland and North Carolina.
You can obtain information from the Maryland and North Carolina Offices of the Attorneys General and the
Federal Trade Commission about steps you can take toward preventing identity theft.
	   Maryland Office of the	            North Carolina Office of the	      Federal Trade Commission
	   Attorney General	                  Attorney General	                  Consumer Response Center
	 Consumer Protection Division	        Consumer Protection Division	      600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
	 200 St. Paul Place	                  9001 Mail Service Center	          Washington, DC 20580
	 Baltimore, MD 21202	                 Raleigh, NC 27699-9001	            1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
	1-888-743-0023	                       1-877-566-7226	                    www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/
	www.oag.state.md.us	                  www.ncdoj.com

For residents of Massachusetts.
It is required by state law that you are informed of your right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of
identity theft.

For residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia.
You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report by contacting any of the credit bureaus
listed at the top of this page. A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans and services from being
approved in your name without your consent. However, please be aware that placing a security freeze on your
credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans,
credit mortgages, employment, housing, or other services.
To place a security freeze on your credit report, you may be able to use an online process, an automated
telephone line or a written request. The following information must be included when requesting a security
freeze (note that if you are requesting a credit report for your spouse, this information must be provided for
him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of
birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any applicable incident
report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor Vehicles. The request must
also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or insur-
ance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and
the date of issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or
remove a freeze and free if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and you
have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.         930L99-0313
