Experian Consumer Direct
PO Box 483
Chanhassen, MN 55317


January __, 2012

[Name]
[Address 1 & 2]
[City/State/Zip]

Re:      Notice of Security Incident

Dear [Name]:

We are contacting you because you purchased or began to purchase a digital game between
November 4, 2011 and December 2, 2011. Your credit card information was processed through our
Trymedia ActiveStore, which manages many digital game storefronts on behalf of retailers.

An illegal and unauthorized intrusion regrettably occurred, which may have caused your personal
information to be compromised. The intrusion has been stopped and we don’t yet know that any
fraudulent transactions have actually occurred. We do, however, want to make you aware of what
has occurred and to provide you with information that you may use to protect your credit.

We deeply regret this event and we are working diligently to prevent any similar incidents from
happening in the future.

Our highest and most immediate concern is the impact that this may have on you and in your
confidence in us as a trusted merchant. We have enclosed a summary and a guide containing some
recommended steps that you may take to help monitor and safeguard your identity and credit.

The following pages detail in depth what happened, recommendations on monitoring your identity
and credit, fraud alerts, free credit reports, and our offer of a free complimentary one-year
membership for ProtectMyID, a service that provides credit monitoring and identity theft
resolution services. We have also listed a telephone number to reach out to for more information,
and have established a website with additional information about the incident.

For Further Information. We hope you find the information in this letter useful. If you have any
questions, please do not hesitate to contact our information hotline as follows:

                             Toll-Free Phone Number:         866-579-2216

You also may access additional information about this incident, including frequently asked
questions, at a Web site we have established at www.trymedia.com/2011securityincident.

We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this illegal intrusion may cause you. Please do reach
out if you have any questions at all about this very unfortunate event.

Sincerely,
TM Acquisition, LLC (doing business as Trymedia)

                           2460 N. First Street, Suite 260 | San Jose, CA 95131
                                         WHAT HAPPENED

We recently became aware of a criminal intrusion into our ActiveStore Web-based storefront
application that processes purchases of digital games made by customers on our partners’ Web
sites. We believe the intruders may have been able to intercept and obtain cardholder names,
credit card account numbers, expiration dates, security codes, postal addresses, email addresses,
and passwords to optional user accounts on ActiveStore storefronts from a portion of transactions
flowing through the ActiveStore application between November 4, 2011, and December 2, 2011.

We are notifying you because you made, or attempted to make, a purchase of a digital game from a
company that used the ActiveStore Web-based storefront application to process transactions on its
Web site during the time period described above. Consequently, we believe that your personal
information may have been exposed to the intruders.

Please know that safeguarding your personal information is very important to us. As described
below, we have taken measures to address the intrusion and to offer a credit protection service to
affected customers at no charge.

We believe that the intrusion has been contained. Immediately upon learning of the intrusion, we
took the affected systems offline and took steps to address the vulnerability that led to this incident.
We engaged external experts to investigate the incident and we have taken additional steps to
enhance our information security controls. We notified all major credit card brands of the incident.
We also have notified law enforcement authorities and are cooperating with their efforts to identify
those responsible for the intrusion. This notice was not delayed as a result of a law enforcement
investigation.

                                   RECOMMENDED NEXT STEPS

We are notifying you of this incident so that you may take any additional steps you feel appropriate
to reduce or eliminate harm. Below are precautionary steps that you may wish to consider, along
with resources from which you may obtain additional information.

ActiveStore Accounts. If you set up an account on an ActiveStore storefront when you made a
digital game purchase, you can change your password by going to the ActiveStore storefront(s) on
which you purchased a digital game between November 4, 2011 and December 2, 2011 and follow
the instructions on the storefront to change your password.

Prevention of Fraud and ID Theft. We encourage you to remain vigilant for incidents of fraud,
identity theft, and other misuse of your personal information. In addition to taking other steps
described in this letter, you should review your credit card statements and other account
information carefully and immediately notify your card issuer in writing if you suspect fraudulent
use. You may also wish to contact your card issuer to monitor for suspicious activity or to take
other steps to protect your account, such as requesting that your card issuer close the account and
reissue a new card with a different number.
Also, in addition to other recommended steps described in this letter, we encourage you to report
suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement, your state’s Attorney General, or the
Federal Trade Commission. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is given below.

Fraud Alerts. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on
your credit file. A fraud alert places a statement on your credit report that directs a creditor to
contact you before extending credit. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the
others are notified to place fraud alerts on your record. An initial fraud alert lasts 90 days. To place
an extended fraud alert, you will need to provide a copy of a police report and proof of your
identity. Details are available on the credit-reporting agency Web sites listed below, or by calling
the credit reporting agencies at the numbers listed below:
    Equifax                        Experian                        TransUnion
    P.O. Box 105069                P.O. Box 1017                   P.O. Box 6790
    Atlanta, GA 30348-5069         Allen, TX 75013                 Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
    800-525-6285                   888-397-3742                    800-680-7289
    www.equifax.com                www.experian.com                www.transunion.com

Free Credit Reports. Under U.S. law, you are entitled to one free credit report annually from each
of the three national credit bureaus listed above. To order your free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at 877-322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report
Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Web site at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual
Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three national credit
bureaus provide free annual credit reports only through these methods.

We encourage you to obtain free annual credit reports and to review them for suspicious activity
and inaccuracies. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the
appropriate credit bureau by telephone and in writing.

Contacting the FTC. In addition to your state Attorney General, you can contact the Federal Trade
Commission to learn more about how to protect yourself from identity theft:

                                  Federal Trade Commission
                                 Consumer Response Center
                                600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                   Washington, DC 20580
                                877-IDTHEFT | 877-438-4338
                                        www.ftc.gov
                 www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/index.html

ProtectMyID™. We are offering a complimentary one-year membership to Experian’s
ProtectMyIDTM product. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information
and provides you with identity protection services focused on immediate identification and
resolution of identity theft.
You may activate ProtectMyID by taking the following steps:

1. Ensure that you enroll by: April 30, 2012.
2. Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site: www.protectmyid.com/redeem or call 866-579-2216 to enroll.
3. Provide your activation code: [Experian-supplied code]

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, your credit report will be monitored daily for fifty
leading indicators of identity theft. You’ll receive timely credit alerts from ProtectMyID on any key
changes in your credit report which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical
collections and changes to public records. Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID
membership includes the following:

      Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
      Daily Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly
       opened accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian credit
       report.
      Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned
       a dedicated, U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through
       the fraud resolution process, from start to finish.



We sincerely regret any inconvenience this intrusion may cause you.

Sincerely,
TM Acquisition, LLC (doing business as Trymedia)
