Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336


<<First Name>><<Last Name>>
<<Address 1>>
<<Address 2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
	<<Date>>




Dear <<First Name>><<Last Name>>:


Touchstone Medical Imaging, LLC is committed to protecting the security and confidentiality of our patients’
information. Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of an incident involving some of that information.

On May 9, 2014, we became aware that a seldom-used folder containing patient billing information relating to dates
prior to August 2012 had inadvertently been left accessible via the internet. Upon learning this, we immediately
secured the folder and removed it from public view. We also began an internal investigation which initially led us
to believe that the patient information in the folder was not readable. However, on September 5, 2014, we obtained
new information that suggested that the patient information may have been readable and included your name, date of
birth, address, telephone number, Social Security number, health insurer name, radiology procedure and diagnosis.
Your medical records were not included.

We have no knowledge and there is no indication that any of your information has been used improperly. However, we
are now sending you this letter in an abundance of caution to let you know this happened. We are also offering you a
complimentary one-year membership in Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse
of your personal information and provides you with superior identity protection services focused on immediate
identification and resolution of identity theft. ProtectMyID Alert is completely free to you and enrolling in this
program will not hurt your credit score. Unfortunately, due to privacy laws, we are not able to enroll you directly.
For more information on identity theft prevention and ProtectMyID Alert, including instructions on how to
activate your complimentary one-year membership, please see the additional information provided in this
letter. We also recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from
your health insurer. If you identify services listed on your explanation of benefits that you did not receive, please
immediately contact your insurer.

We deeply regret any inconvenience this may cause you. To help prevent this from happening again, we are
reinforcing the education of our employees and the monitoring of our systems regarding the protection of our patients’
information and continually reviewing and enhancing our policies and procedures. If you have any questions, please
call 1- 877-919-9183, Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Central Time.



Sincerely,




Christian C. (Pat) Rice, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer
TOUCHSTONE MEDICAL IMAGING, LLC




M7141 v.02 09.30.2014
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s® ProtectMyID®
Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with superior identity
protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.

                                       Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.	 ENSURE That You Enroll By: January 7, 2015 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	 PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-288-8057 and provide engagement
#: PC89274.

ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

      ▪▪    Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ▪▪    Surveillance Alerts for:
            ◦◦ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your Experian,
                Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ▪▪    Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
            and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
            from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
            grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
            with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
            ◦◦ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer added
                protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud
                Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ▪▪    $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
            investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                           Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                            or call 877-288-8057 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at 877-288-8057.

Even if you choose not to take advantage of this free credit monitoring service, we recommend that you remain
vigilant to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit report and credit card, bank, and other
financial statements for any unauthorized activity. You may also obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge,
once every 12 months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. To order your annual free credit
report please visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three
nationwide credit reporting companies is as follows:

                   Equifax                       Experian                       TransUnion
                   P.O. Box 740256               P.O. Box 9554                  P.O. Box 6790
                   Atlanta, GA 30374             Allen, TX 75013                Fullerton, CA 92834
                   www.equifax.com               www.experian.com               www.transunion.com
                   1-800-525-6285                1-888-397-3742                 1-800-680-7289




M7142 v.02 09.30.2014
If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information has been
misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Attorney General’s office in your
home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as follows:

                  Federal Trade Commission
                  600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                  Washington, DC 20580
                  www.ftc.gov
                  1-877-438-4338

You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity theft as well as
information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your local law enforcement authorities
and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case you are asked to provide copies to creditors to correct
your records.

* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and intended for
informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms,
conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.




M7143 v.02 09.30.2014
