February 21, 2012

     81678ISN-0123456 T-
     SAMPLE A SAMPLE
     123 ANY ST
     APT ABC
     ANYTOWN, PA 12345
     FATTTTDDADTFFAADFFDTTATTTDTFDFATTFDDFAATTAFFAAFTDAFTTFTDDAADTAAAA




Dear Sample A Company:
For almost 14 years, Trident University has been serving the needs of a highly-motivated adult
learner student population, with diverse professional backgrounds and experiences, including many
current and former members of the “military family.” As an online university, we are committed to
securing the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information provided to us as well as taking
appropriate steps when faced with a real or potential security breach. Regrettably, we are writing to
inform you of an unidentified person’s attempt to gain access to student account log-in information.
On November 29, 2011, we detected an unsuccessful attempt by an unidentified person to access one
of our databases containing username and passwords for approximately 81,000 current and former
student accounts. No other information was contained in that database. Trident University
permanently removed the database from the network, administratively reset all inactive student
account passwords, and engaged an external forensic team to assess the nature of the incident.
Our investigation did not find any evidence that someone successfully obtained access to the
database. Based on a review of the available log-in history for November and December 2011, we
have found no unusual log-in activity to indicate that student accounts were inappropriately accessed.
However, we want to make you aware of this incident because if your student account was accessed,
that account contained your name, address, and date of birth. As a result of this incident, we are
implementing a new firewall as a complement to our existing firewalls.
Again, there is no evidence that any student’s information was accessed by an unauthorized person,
and we are not aware of any reports that student account information has been misused as a result of
the incident. Additionally, we have arranged for you to enroll, at no cost to you, in an online
three-bureau credit monitoring service for one (1) year provided by TransUnion, one of the three
major nationwide credit reporting companies. To enroll in this free service, go to the TransUnion
Monitoring website at www.transunionmonitoring.com and in the space referenced as “Activation
Code”, enter the following 12-letter Activation Code and follow the simple steps to receive your
services online within minutes.

                                                              (OVER PLEASE)
                                                                                           81837-ISN-AON
If you do not have access to the Internet and wish to enroll in a similar offline, paper based,
3-bureau credit monitoring service, please call the TransUnion Fraud Response Service hotline at
                 Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Eastern time (closed on all U.S.
observed holidays). Please enter or say the following six-digit telephone pass code             when
prompted. You can sign up for the online or offline credit monitoring service anytime between now
and May 31, 2012. Unfortunately, due to privacy laws, we cannot register you directly. Please note
that credit monitoring services might not be available for individuals without a valid Social Security
number.
Once you are enrolled, you will be able to obtain one year of unlimited access to your TransUnion
credit report and credit score. The daily 3-bureau credit monitoring service will notify you if there are
any critical changes to your credit files at TransUnion, Experian, and Equifax, including fraudulent
activity, new inquiries, new accounts, new public record, late payments, change of address and more.
The service also includes up to $25,000 in identity theft insurance with no deductible. (Certain policy
limitations and exclusions may apply.)
Even if you choose not to take advantage of this free credit monitoring service, we recommend that
you remain vigilant to the possibility of fraud and identity theft by reviewing your credit report and
credit card, bank, and other financial statements for any unauthorized activity. You may also obtain
a copy of your credit report once every 12 months, free of charge, from each of the three nationwide
credit reporting companies below. To order your annual free report please visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll free at 1-877-322-8228. Contact information for the three
nationwide credit reporting companies is as follows:
        Equifax                 Experian               TransUnion
        PO Box 740241           PO Box 9554            PO Box 6790
        Atlanta, GA 30374       Allen, TX 75013        Fullerton, CA 92834
        www.equifax.com         www.experian.com       www.transunion.com
        1-800-525-6285          1-888-397-3742         1-800-680-7289

If you believe you are the victim of identity theft or have reason to believe your personal information
has been misused, you should immediately contact the Federal Trade Commission and/or the attorney
general’s office in your home state. Contact information for the Federal Trade Commission is as
follows:
        Federal Trade Commission
        600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
        Washington, DC 20580
        www.ftc.gov
        1-877-438-4338
You can obtain information from these sources about steps an individual can take to avoid identity
theft as well as information about fraud alerts and security freezes. You should also contact your
local law enforcement authorities and file a police report. Obtain a copy of the police report in case
you are asked to provide copies to creditors to correct your records.
                                       (NEXT PAGE PLEASE)
We want to assure you that we are taking this matter very seriously and have conducted a
comprehensive internal review of our systems and procedures to further secure our network and
individual systems against emerging malware threats. If you have any questions, please call
                 Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Eastern time and enter or say the
following six-digit telephone pass code     when prompted.
Sincerely,


Lucille H. Sansing, Ph.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer
