                                                                                                   [DATE]

[ADDRESS]

Dear [NAME],

On behalf of our client, The Trump Hotel Collection (”THC”), and as a precaution, we are providing notice
of a security incident possibly affecting certain individuals who made payment card purchases at Trump
International Hotel & Tower Las Vegas, located at 2000 Fashion Show Drive, Las Vegas, NV, 89109 (the
“Hotel”). Although an independent forensic investigation has not conclusively determined that any
particular customer’s payment card information was taken from the Hotel’s payment card system or
misused as a result of the incident, we are providing this notice out of an abundance of caution to inform
potentially affected customers of the incident and to call their attention to some steps they may choose to
take to help protect themselves.

While the independent forensic investigator did not find evidence that information was taken from the
Hotel’s systems, it appears that there may have been unauthorized malware access to payment card
information as it was inputted into the payment card systems. Payment card data (including payment
card account number, card expiration date, security code, and cardholder name) of individuals who used
a payment card at the Hotel between May 19, 2014, and June 2, 2015, may have been affected.

THC takes the privacy of personal information seriously. Immediately upon learning of a possible incident,
THC notified the F.B.I. and financial institutions, and engaged an outside forensic expert to conduct an
investigation of the incident. As part of the investigation, THC has removed the malware and is in the
process of reconfiguring various components of our network and payment systems to further secure our
payment card processing systems. THC is confident that customers can safely use payment cards at all
of the properties managed by THC.

We want to make potentially affected customers aware of steps they can take to guard against identity
theft or fraud. We recommend that you review your credit and debit card account statements as soon as
possible in order to determine if there are any discrepancies or unusual activity listed. You should remain
vigilant and continue to monitor your statements for unusual activity going forward. If you see anything
you do not understand or that looks suspicious, or if you suspect that any fraudulent transactions have
taken place, you should call the bank that issued your credit or debit card immediately. We also
recommend that you carefully check your credit reports for accounts you did not open or for inquiries from
creditors you did not initiate. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency
immediately. If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff's
office, and file a police report for identity theft and get a copy of it. You may need to give copies of the
police report to creditors to clear up your records. Also, please review the “Information about Identity
Theft Protection” reference guide, included here, which describes additional steps that you may take to
help protect yourself, including recommendations by the Federal Trade Commission regarding identity
theft protection and details on placing a fraud alert or a security freeze on your credit file.

In addition, THC is offering one year of complimentary fraud resolution and identity protection services to
customers who used a payment card at the Hotel between May 19, 2014, and June 2, 2015. These
services are only available to U.S. residents. For more information about this incident and ways you can
protect yourself, including eligibility and enrollment information about the complimentary identity
protection services, contact us toll-free at 877-803-8586.



Norton Rose Fulbright
                                           Information about Identity Theft Protection
We have engaged Experian®, the largest credit bureau in the U.S., to offer you complimentary fraud resolution and identity protection
services for one year. If you are a victim of fraud, simply call Experian at 877-297-7780 by December 31, 2015, and a dedicated Identity
Theft Resolution agent will help you. Please provide the following engagement number as proof of eligibility: PC96712. We also encourage
you activate Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert product, which helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you
with identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. To enroll, visit
www.protectmyid.com/alert by December 31, 2015 and use the following activation code: [ACTIVATION CODE]. You may also enroll over
the phone by calling 877-297-7780 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 9:00 PM (Eastern Time), Monday through Friday and 11:00 AM and
8:00 PM Saturday (excluding holidays).
We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report from one or more of
the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling
toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit
Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one
or more of the three national credit reporting agencies listed at the bottom of this page.
You should remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and you should promptly report any
suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your
state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to
obtain additional information about avoiding and protection against identity theft: Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft
For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the Maryland Office of the
Attorney General: Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-
743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us
For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from North Carolina
Attorney General’s Office: North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC
27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov
Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on notice that you may
be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed on your credit report if you
suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days.
You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate
documentary proof. An extended fraud alert stays on your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by
contacting any of the three national credit reporting agencies at the addresses or toll-free numbers listed at the bottom of this page.
Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can
be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to
prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors
and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit
freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws
vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per
action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit
reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major
credit reporting companies as specified below to find out more information.
You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national credit reporting
agencies listed below.

                                                 National Credit Reporting Agencies

Equifax (www.equifax.com)                               Experian (www.experian.com)                 TransUnion (www.transunion.com)
P.O. Box 105851                                         P.O. Box 2002                               P.O. Box 105281
Atlanta, GA 30348                                       Allen, TX 75013                             Atlanta, GA 30348
800-685-1111                                            888-397-3742                                877-322-8228
Fraud Alerts: P.O. Box 105069, Atlanta, GA 30348        Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes:          Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes:
Credit Freezes: P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA            P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013              P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022
30348                                                                                               888-909-8872
