                                                                                       Marti Arvin
                                                                                       Chief Compliance Officer
C/O ID Experts                                                                         UCLA Medical Sciences
PO Box 6336                                                                            924 Westwood Blvd, Suite 810
Portland, OR 97228-6336                                                                Los Angeles, CA 90024



<<mail id>>
<<Name>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
	<<Date>>



Dear <<Name>> :
At UCLA Health, our patients come first. Patient confidentiality is a critical part of our commitment to care and
we work hard to protect your personal information. Unfortunately, UCLA Health was a victim of a cyberattack
that may have put some of your personal information at risk. We are writing to provide you with information about
the cyberattack and the services we are making available to you so that you can take steps to protect yourself as
appropriate.
On May 5, 2015, we determined that the attacker had accessed parts of the UCLA Health network that contain
personal information, like name, address, date of birth, social security number, medical record number, Medicare
or health plan ID number, and some medical information (e.g., medical condition, medications, procedures, and test
results).
We have notified and are working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation regarding this cyberattack. We continue
to investigate the attack with help from third-party computer forensics experts. There are indications that the attacker
may have had access to the UCLA Health network as early as September 2014. Our investigation is on-going.
Our investigation has revealed that you were among the individuals whose personal information was maintained on
the impacted parts of the UCLA Health network. At this time, there is no evidence that the attacker actually accessed
or acquired your personal information, but we cannot conclusively rule out that possibility. Thus, we wanted to make
you aware of this cyberattack and provide you with information about how to protect yourself.
We have made arrangements with ID Experts to provide you with MyIDCare, at no cost to you. MyIDCare services
include: 12 months of credit monitoring, 12 months of complete identity theft recovery and restoration services, a
$1,000,000 insurance reimbursement policy, the Healthcare Identity Protection Toolkit, educational materials, and
complete access to ID Experts fraud resolution representatives.
To enroll in MyIDCare and take advantage of the free services, call ID Experts at 877-534-5972 or visit
www.myidcare.com/uclaprotection. ID Experts is available Monday through Friday from 6 am - 6 pm Pacific Time.
Please note the deadline to enroll is November 6, 2015. You will need to reference the following access code when
calling or enrolling on the website, so please do not discard this letter. Your Access Code is: [ID Experts will insert].
We urge you to enroll in MyIDCare. If you choose not to enroll in MyIDCare, there are other steps you can take to
help protect yourself. Please see the information in the “Information about Identity Theft Prevention” attachment
about how you can place a fraud alert and/or credit freeze on your credit file and how you can obtain a free copy of
your credit report.




N8281 v.04 07.15.2015
We take our responsibility to protect personal information entrusted to us very seriously. We are taking steps to
protect data and have made modifications to the UCLA Health network to help protect against another cyberattack.
We apologize for any concern or inconvenience this matter may cause you. Our patients always come first and we
are working diligently to strengthen the security of our network. If you would like to discuss this matter or have
any questions about the services offered by ID Experts, please call 877-534-5972 Monday through Friday from
6am to 6pm Pacific Time. For more information about the cyberattack, please visit the ID Experts website at:
www.myidcare.com/uclaprotection.
Sincerely,



Marti Arvin
Chief Compliance Officer




N8282 v.04 07.15.2015
                                            Information about Identity Theft Prevention
We recommend that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing account statements and
monitoring your credit reports. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report once every 12 months by requesting
your report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or mailing an Annual Credit
Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box
105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting any of the credit
reporting agencies below.

                        Equifax                     Experian                   TransUnion
                        P.O. Box 740241             P.O. Box 2104              P.O. Box 2000
                        Atlanta, GA 30374           Allen, TX 75013            Chester, PA 19022
                        1-800-685-1111	             1-888-397-3742             1-800-888-4213
                        www.equifax.com             www.experian.com           www.transunion.com

If you discover any suspicious activity, notify ID Experts® and file a theft report. You will be contacted by a
member of the ID Experts® Recovery Department. If you are a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned an
ID Experts® Recovery Advocate who will work on your behalf to identify, stop, and reverse the damage quickly.

You should also report a suspected incident of identity theft to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local
law enforcement, your state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the
FTC to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.

            Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20580; 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338) www.ftc.gov/idtheft

You may obtain information from the FTC and the consumer reporting agencies listed above about fraud alerts and
credit freezes. We provide some additional information about fraud alerts and credit freezes below.

Fraud Alerts: There are two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on
notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert
be placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial
fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report
if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert
stays on your credit report for seven (7) years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free
fraud number of any of the three national credit reporting agencies listed above. Once you have requested an alert
with one credit reporting agency, your request will automatically be sent to the other two agencies.

Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file, so
that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a personal identification number (PIN) or password
(or both) that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit
grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and
other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore,
using a credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, temporarily lift,
and/or permanently remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily
lifting, and permanently removing a credit freeze also varies by state (the cost is generally $5 to $20 per transaction
at each credit reporting agency). Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file
at each credit reporting agency. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state,
please contact the three major credit reporting agencies listed above to find out more information.




N8283 v.04 07.15.2015
