September 23, 2013

Dear Unique Vintage Customer:

        We are writing to you because of an incident at Unique Vintage. On September 14, 2013
we discovered a data security incident that involved some of your personal information. Unique
Vintage is Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (“PCI”) compliant and
implements the latest measures reasonably possible to protect its customers’ sensitive
information. However, the very sophisticated data breach concerning this incident involved
malicious malware that was siphoning customer information from Unique Vintage's website
from approximately January 2012 until September 14, 2013. The information breached
contained customer names, email addresses, telephone numbers and credit card numbers. No
other information was compromised. Unique Vintage immediately eliminated the breach and
notified both law enforcement and filed a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center.

        We are notifying you so you may take action in addition to Unique Vintage's efforts to
minimize or eliminate potential harm. Because this is a serious incident, we strongly encourage
you to take preventive measures now to help prevent and detect any misuse of your information.

       To protect yourself from the possibility of identity theft, we recommend that you
immediately contact your credit card issuer and close your account. Tell them that your account
may have been compromised, and ask that they report it as “closed at customer request.” If you
want to open a new account, ask the credit card issuer to give you a PIN or password. This will
help control access to the account.

       For more information on identity theft, we suggest that you visit the web site of the
California Office of Privacy Protection at www.privacy.ca.gov.

       We apologize for any inconvenience this incident may have caused our loyal and valued
customers. If you have further questions or concerns or if Unique Vintage can assist you in any
way, please call us at (800) 721-6589 or email us at service@uniquevintage.com.


                                     Sincerely,


                                     UNIQUE VINTAGE
