UnitedHealthcare
Government Programs Privacy Office
MN006-W800
PO Box 1459
Minneapolis, MN 55440




March xx, 2012

<Estate Salutation>
First Name Last Name
Address Line 1
Address Line 2
City, State, Zip code

Dear First Name Last Name,

I am writing to let you know about a privacy issue involving some of your personal information.
On January 30, 2012, UnitedHealthcare discovered employee access to information in a database
that we since have learned appears to be unauthorized. We believe the unauthorized access
occurred from June 28 – December 12, 2011.

The information that may have been accessed includes your name, Social Security Number,
telephone number, date of birth, address and Medicare Healthcare Insurance Number.

We deeply regret this incident and any inconvenience or concern that it may cause. Upon
discovery, we took prompt action to investigate this matter and have reported the incident
to law enforcement authorities.

As a precaution, we are offering you one year of free “Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1
Monitoring,” which includes identity theft insurance, fraud alerts, Equifax counselors, a 3-in-1
credit report as well as access to your Equifax Credit Report. We have enclosed instructions for
registering for this service, along with a Reference Guide that provides details about additional
steps you may wish to take to monitor and protect your credit.

As a further precaution, we recommend that you regularly monitor the Explanation of
Benefits statements that you receive from us to check for any unfamiliar health care
services. If you notice any health care services that you did not receive listed on an
Explanation of Benefits statement, please contact us at the number on the back of your
member identification card. Also, we recommend that you regularly review your bank and
credit card statements. If you notice any suspicious activity, please immediately contact
your financial institution and/or Credit Card Company.

If you have any questions, please call us toll-free at 877-298-2341 between 8:00 a.m. and 8:00
p.m. local time, 7 days a week. TTY users may call 711.

UnitedHealthcare takes this matter very seriously and is committed to protecting the privacy and
security of your personal information. We are reinforcing our existing policies and practices with
employees and evaluating additional safeguards to help prevent a similar incident from occurring
in the future.
Sincerely,



Andrea Leeb
Chief Privacy Officer
UnitedHealthcare Government Programs
Email: Andrea.Leeb@UHC.COM
Plans are insured or covered by United Healthcare Insurance Company or one of its affiliates, a Medicare Advantage
Organization with a Medicare contract and a Medicare-approved Part D sponsor.
Date


<Estate Salutation>
Consumer Name
Consumer Address
Consumer City, State, Zip Code                              Promotion Code: Equifax Code


Dear Valued Consumer:

UnitedHealthcare has arranged with Equifax Personal Solutions to help you protect your identity
and your credit information at no cost to you. The steps to follow are:
1. Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring identity theft protection
   product. This product is being provided to you at no cost for one year.
2. Additionally, you may choose to adopt an increased level of protection by placing a fraud
   alert on your credit file at Equifax and the other two credit reporting agencies.

Enroll in Equifax Credit Watch™ Gold with 3-in-1 Monitoring
Equifax Credit Watch will provide you with an “early warning system” to changes to your credit
file and help you to understand the content of your credit file at the three major credit reporting
agencies. The key features and benefits are listed below.

Equifax Credit Watch provides you with the following benefits:
o Comprehensive credit file monitoring and automated alerts of key changes to your Equifax,
   Experian, and TransUnion credit reports
o Wireless alerts and customizable alerts available
o One 3-in-1 Credit Report and access to your Equifax Credit Report™
o Up to $1 million in identity theft insurance with $0 deductible, at no additional cost to you †
o 24 by 7 live agent Customer Service to assist you in understanding the content of your
   Equifax credit information, to provide personalized identity theft victim assistance and in
   initiating an investigation of inaccurate information.
o 90 day Fraud Alert placement with automatic renewal functionality (available online only)

How to Enroll

To sign up online for online delivery go to www.myservices.equifax.com/tri
1. Register: Complete the form with your contact information (name, gender, address, date of
   birth, Social Security Number and telephone number) and click the “Continue” button.
   Complete the form with your email address, create a User Name and Password, enter the
   Promotion Code that is at the top of the first page of this letter in the “Promotion Code” box.
   The Promotion Code eliminates the need to provide a credit card number for payment. Then
   click the “Accept Terms & Continue” button. All of the information that you enter is in a
   secured environment.
2. Verify ID: The system will then ask you to answer up to four security questions. The
   questions and answers support the Equifax Identity Verification Process. Please answer the
   questions and then click the “Submit Order” button.
3. Order Confirmation: This page shows you your order. Please click the “View my Product”
   button to access the product features.


To sign up for US Mail delivery, dial 1-866-937-8432 for access to the Equifax Credit Watch
automated enrollment process. Note that all credit reports and alerts will be sent to you via US
Mail only.
1. Promotion Code: You will be asked to enter your promotion code as provided at the top of
    your letter.
2. Customer Information: You will be asked to enter your home telephone number, home
    address, name, date of birth and Social Security Number.
3. Permissible Purpose: You will be asked to provide Equifax with your permission to access
    your credit file and to monitor your file. Without your agreement, Equifax cannot process
    your enrollment.
4. Order Confirmation: Equifax will provide a confirmation number with an explanation that
    you will receive your Fulfillment Kit via the US Mail (when Equifax is able to verify your
    identity) or a Customer Care letter with further instructions (if your identity can not be
    verified using the information provided). Please allow up to 10 business days to receive this
    information.

Directions for placing a Fraud Alert
A fraud alert is a consumer statement added to your credit report. This statement alerts creditors
of possible fraudulent activity within your report as well as requests that they contact you prior to
establishing any accounts in your name. Once the fraud alert is added to your credit report, all
creditors should contact you prior to establishing any account in your name. To place a fraud
alert on your credit file, visit: www.fraudalerts.equifax.com or you may contact our auto fraud
line at 1-877-478-7625, and follow the simple prompts. Once the fraud alert has been placed
with Equifax, a notification will be sent to the other two credit reporting agencies, Experian and
Trans Union, on your behalf.


† Identity theft insurance underwritten by subsidiaries or affiliates of Chartis Inc. The description herein is a summary and intended for
informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies
for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions. This product is not intended for minors
(under 18 years of age).
                                       Reference Guide


Order Your Free Credit Report
You are entitled to receive your credit report from each of the three national credit reporting
agencies once per year, free of charge. You may obtain your free annual credit report from each
of the national credit reporting agencies by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling
toll-free at 877-322-8228, or by mailing your request to Annual Credit Report Request Service,
P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. Do not contact the three credit bureaus
individually. They provide free annual credit reports only through the website or toll-free
number.

When you receive your credit report(s), review them carefully. Look for any inaccurate
information and contact the appropriate credit reporting agency to notify of any incorrect
information, including accounts you did not open; requests for your credit report from anyone
that you did not apply for credit with; or inaccuracies regarding your personal identifying
information, such as your home address and Social Security number. If you find anything that
you do not understand or that is incorrect, contact the appropriate credit reporting agency using
the contact information on the credit report as soon as possible so the information can be
investigated, and if found to be in error, corrected.

Contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
If you detect any unauthorized transactions in your financial accounts, promptly notify your
credit card company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud,
promptly report the incident to your local law enforcement authorities, your state Attorney
General and the Federal Trade Commission. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) recommends that you take these additional steps:

   Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened
    fraudulently.

   File a complaint with the FTC using the ID Theft Complaint Form (available at
    www.ftc.gov/idtheft). Your complaint will be added to the FTC’s Identity Theft Data
    Clearinghouse, where it will be accessible by law enforcement agencies for their
    investigations. Use the FTC’s ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when
    filing a report with law enforcement or to address disputes with credit reporting agencies
    and creditors about identity theft related problems such as new unauthorized accounts.

   File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors
    and any others that may require proof of the identity theft crime.

You can learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft by
contacting the FTC:


Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/



Place a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File

To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit
file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new
credit accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying
for credit, the merchant gets a notice that the applicant may be a victim of identity theft. The
alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify the identity of the applicant. You can report
potential identity theft to all three of the major credit bureaus by calling any one of the toll-free
fraud numbers below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag
your file with a fraud alert at all three bureaus.

 Equifax           Equifax Information Services         877-478-7625        www.equifax.com
                   LLC
                   P.O. Box 105069
                   Atlanta, GA 30348-5069

 Experian          P.O. Box 9532                        888-397-3742        www.experian.com
                   Allen, Texas 75013

 TransUnion        Fraud Victim Assistance              800-680-7289        www.transunion.com
                   Division
                   P.O. Box 6790
                   Fullerton, California
                   92834-6790


Place a Security Freeze on Your Credit File
You may wish to place a “security freeze” on your credit file. A security freeze generally will
prevent creditors from accessing your credit file at the three nationwide credit bureaus without
your consent. You can request a security freeze by contacting the credit bureaus at:

 Equifax          P.O. Box 105788                              www.equifax.com
                  Atlanta, Georgia 30348

 Experian         P.O. Box 9554                                www.experian.com
                  Allen, Texas 75013

 TransUnion       Fraud Victim Assistance Division             www.transunion.com
                  P.O. Box 6790
                  Fullerton, California 92834-6790

The credit bureaus may charge a reasonable fee to place a freeze on your account, and may
require that you provide proper identification prior to honoring your request.
For Maryland and North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from your state’s
Attorney General’s Office about steps you can take to help prevent identity theft.

You can contact the Maryland Attorney General at:

Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
888-743-0023
www.oag.state.md.us

You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:

North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
919-716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov

For California Residents. You can obtain additional information from the California Office of
Privacy Protection (www.privacy.ca.gov) on protection against identity theft.
