Return Mail Processing Center
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336


<<mail id>>
<<Name1>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>	<<Date>>




Dear <<Name>>,

                                                NOTICE OF DATA BREACH
                        The University of Central Florida wants to make you aware of an intrusion into the university’s
 What                   computer network that resulted in the unauthorized access to your personal information. While we
 Happened               have no evidence to suggest that any of your information has been used inappropriately, we want
                        to provide you with guidance on how you can protect yourself.

                        On January 8, 2016, UCF discovered the unauthorized access to a database containing the following
 What                   personal information related to you: your first and last name, Social Security number, student ID
 Information            number, sport, whether you were a walk-on or recruited, and number of credit hours taken and
 Was Involved           in progress. The database did not include your grades, credit card information or other financial
                        information.

                        Upon learning of the incident, UCF immediately launched an internal investigation and reported
                        the incident to law enforcement. We have also engaged a leading incident response and digital
 What We Are            forensics firm to assist in our internal investigation. In addition, we have already begun taking
 Doing                  several actions to help prevent this type of incident from occurring in the future. These actions
                        include enhancing user account and password security, expanding the campus-wide information
                        security awareness and training program, and strengthening data security processes and protocols
                        on our network.

                        We encourage you to take advantage of the complimentary one-year credit monitoring and identity
                        protection services we are offering you through Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This service
                        helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with identity protection
                        services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. ProtectMyID Alert
                        is completely free to you, and enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit score. For more
                        information on identity theft prevention and ProtectMyID Alert, including instructions on how to
                        activate your complimentary one-year membership, please see the additional information provided
 What You               with this letter.
 Can Do
                        As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you remain vigilant to protect against potential
                        fraud and/or identity theft by, among other things, reviewing your credit card account statements
                        and credit reports closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly
                        notify the financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You should
                        also promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidents of identity theft to proper
                        law enforcement authorities, including the police and your state’s attorney general, as well as the
                        Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).




O6711 v.02 02.04.2016
 Other                  You may wish to review the tips provided by the FTC on fraud alerts, security/credit freezes and
 Important              steps you can take to avoid identity theft. For more information and to contact the FTC, please visit
 Information            www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338). You may also contact the FTC at:
                        Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580.

                        Credit Reports:      You may obtain a free copy of your credit report once every
                        12 months from each of the three national credit reporting agencies by visiting
                        http://www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll free 1-877-322-8228, or by completing
                        an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual Credit Report Request
                        Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of the request form at:
                        https://www.annualcreditreport.com/cra/requestformfinal.pdf.

                        Alternatively, you may elect to purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the
                        three national credit reporting agencies. Contact information for the three national credit reporting
                        agencies for the purpose of requesting a copy of your credit report or for general inquiries, including
                        obtaining information about fraud alerts and placing a security freeze on your credit files, is as
                        follows:

                        Equifax                           Experian                          TransUnion
                        1-800-349-9960                    1-888-397-3742                    1-888-909-8872
                        www.equifax.com                   www.experian.com                  www.transunion.com
                        P.O. Box 105788                   P.O. Box 9554                     P.O. Box 2000
                        Atlanta, GA 30348                 Allen, TX 75013                   Chester, PA 19022

                        Fraud Alerts: You may want to consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. An initial
                        fraud alert is free and will stay on your credit file for at least 90 days. The alert informs creditors
                        of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to
                        establishing any new accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, contact
                        any of the three national credit reporting agencies using the contact information listed above.
                        Additional information is available at: http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

                        Credit and Security Freeze: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a
                        security freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the
                        use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed
                        to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you
                        place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get access to
                        your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay
                        your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit
                        freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and
                        removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per action at each credit reporting
                        company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file at each
                        credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from
                        state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find
                        out more information:

                        Equifax Security Freeze           Experian Security Freeze          TransUnion Security Freeze
                        P.O. Box 105788                   P.O. Box 9554                     Fraud Victim Assistance Dept.
                        Atlanta, GA 30348                 Allen, TX 75013                   P.O. Box 6790
                                                                                            Fullerton, CA 92834

                        You can obtain more information about the fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC
                        or one of the national credit reporting agencies listed above.

                        This notice has not been postponed at the request of a law enforcement agency; however, we did
                        communicate with law enforcement prior to issuing this notice.




O6712 v.02 02.04.2016
                        We take the security of your personal information very seriously, and we want to ensure you can
                        get the answers to any questions you have. We have updated our coaches and Student-Athlete
                        Welfare & Development staff. You also can call 877-752-5527 between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. EST
 For More               Monday through Friday, and operators will be able to assist you in English or Spanish. We also
 Information            have established a website to answer questions: UCF.edu/datasecurity.

                        We regret any inconvenience or concern that this incident might cause you. We value the trust you
                        place in UCF to not only provide you with a world-class education but also to protect the privacy
                        and security of your personal information.
Sincerely,



Dr. Joel L. Hartman
Vice President, Information Technologies & Resources and CIO, University of Central Florida




O6713 v.02 02.04.2016
                                Activating Your Complimentary Credit Monitoring

To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian’s® ProtectMyID®
Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with superior identity
protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft.

Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.	ENSURE That You Enroll By: April 30, 2016 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	PROVIDE Your Activation Code:<<ACTIVATION_COD>>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-288-8057 and provide engagement
#PC98782.

ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

      ■■ Free copy of your Experian credit report
      ■■ Surveillance Alerts for:
             ○○ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes and suspicious activity found on your
                 Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
      ■■ Identity Theft Resolution and ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to U.S.-based customer care
         and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent, who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
         from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
         grantors to dispute charges, and close accounts, including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist
         with freezing credit files; and contact government agencies.
             ○○ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach. To offer
                 added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high level of
                 Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
      ■■ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs, including lost wages, private
         investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                        Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                         or call 877-288-8057 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report, or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at 877-288-8057.

*Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description
herein is a summary and is intended for informational purposes only, and does not include all terms, conditions
and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions and exclusions of
coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.




O6714 v.02 02.04.2016
