University of California, Santa Barbara
Business & Financial Services
C/O ID Experts
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336

<<mail id>>
<<Name>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
                                                                                                           <<Date>>




Dear <<NAME>>:

I am writing with additional information regarding the message that we sent out at the beginning of July alerting our
community to incidents of possible check fraud reported by members of the UC Santa Barbara community. We are
extremely grateful for the responses, which provided helpful information that assisted our investigation.

Our investigation recently identified unauthorized access to some archival payroll data that included first and last
names, social security numbers and direct deposit banking information. We are notifying all employees whose
information was potentially subject to unauthorized access so you can be alert to the possible misuse of your personal
information. We are sending this message at the earliest possible date so as not to hinder the ongoing criminal
investigation of this matter. We deeply regret that any of our community members were affected by this unauthorized
access. We are fully committed to working with anyone who may have been affected by this incident, and we
will help to resolve any possible unexpected financial issues in the future.

As one of those individuals whose information was contained in the data that we believe to have been compromised,
we wanted to notify you and let you know about the measures the University is taking to protect you against potential
fraud and recommend additional steps that you can take. To make getting protection as simple as possible, the
University has contracted with ID Experts to provide free credit monitoring service, and insurance for identity theft
restoration. Please consider taking advantage of this service even if you have not noticed any suspicious activity on
your bank accounts. To enroll, visit http://id-protect.ucsb.edu and use the enrollment code [12345678]. You must
enroll within three months to take advantage of this service. If you need assistance enrolling or have additional
questions regarding this incident, please contact the UCSB / ID Experts team at 1-877-919-9184, between the hours
of 6:00 am and 6:00 pm Pacific Time.

We have also prepared and attached to this letter a checklist of supplemental information on additional steps you can
take. Please take the time to review the attachment on page 3 and follow its recommendations.

As additional background, beginning in April, the University noticed an increase in the number of employees with
direct deposit reporting check fraud on personal bank accounts. The University started a review of its processes and
sent a message to the community to request assistance and aid in our investigation that resulted in the discovery
of the unauthorized access to archival payroll data. The fraudulent checks were passed at retail establishments in
amounts that were generally in the range of $50 to $100, and our employees have informed us all of these charges
were reversed.

In response to this incident, we have taken measures to prevent this type of unauthorized access. These steps include
a review and strengthening of processes for the management and storage of archived personal information. The
University is also examining systems to identify personal data that may legally be omitted from future archival
records.

M5151 v.02 08.04.2014
The University is committed to maintaining the privacy of employee information and takes many precautions for the
security of personal information. We are continually modifying our systems and practices to enhance the security of
sensitive information.

Should you have further questions about this matter, please contact the UCSB / ID Experts team at 1-877-919-9184
or online at http://id-protect.ucsb.edu. Please note that it is not necessary for the University to contact you again to
confirm any of your personal information. If an unknown person should contact you claiming to be a University
official, do not give out any additional information without first checking with your business manager.

Again, we sincerely regret this incident and any inconvenience it may cause you.

Sincerely,




Jim Corkill
Director of Business and Financial Services

Attachment




M5152 v.02 08.04.2014
Recommended Steps to Help Protect Your Information

We understand that you may be concerned about how the unauthorized access to data may affect you. We want to
summarize steps that you can take to help protect yourself.

            1.	 Review your banking statements on a regular basis to see if there is any unauthorized spending on your
                account. If you find any suspicious activity on your banking statements, please contact your banking
                institution.

            2.	 Enroll for ID Experts services. Go to http://id-protect.ucsb.edu and follow the instructions for
                enrollment. Once you have completed your enrollment, you will receive a welcome letter by email (or
                by mail if you do not provide an email address when you sign up). The welcome letter will direct you to
                the exclusive ID Experts’ Member Website where you will find other valuable educational information.

            3.	 Activate the credit monitoring provided as part of your membership with ID Experts, which is paid for
                by UCSB. Credit monitoring is included in the membership, but you must personally activate it for it to
                be effective. Note: You must have established credit and access to a computer and the internet to use this
                service. If you need assistance, ID Experts will assist you.

            4.	 Telephone. Contact ID Experts at 1-877-919-9184 to gain additional information about this event and
                speak with knowledgeable representatives about the appropriate steps to take to protect your credit
                identity.

The services you can subscribe to through ID Experts will provide you with a high level of protection. The monitoring
service is designed to let you know if anyone is trying to use your personal information to obtain or affect your credit.
Other parts of the service package will help you if you experience any problems with your credit. There are some
additional steps that you may take to provide further protection. They include placing a fraud alert on your credit file
and checking your credit reports for activity that you did not initiate.

            5.	 Fraud Alert. By placing a fraud alert on your consumer credit file, you let creditors know to watch for
                unusual or suspicious activity in any of your accounts, such as someone trying to open a credit card
                account in your name. No one is allowed to place a fraud alert on your credit file except you. To place a
                fraud alert on your file you will need to contact only one of the three national credit reporting bureaus
                listed below and they will notify the other agencies. Keep in mind that when you place the alert, you will
                not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a new credit card until you temporarily lift or
                permanently remove the alert.

                  Simply call any one of the three credit reporting agencies at the phone numbers listed below or visit their
                  Websites.

                        Equifax 1-888-766-0008
                        http://equifax.com/CreditReportAssistance/

                        Experian 1-888-397-3742
                        https://www.experian.com/fraud/center.html

                        Trans Union 1-800-680-7289
                        http://www.transunion.com/personal-credit/credit-disputes/fraud-alerts.page

            6.	 Credit Report. You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report once each year.
                You can order your credit reports by contacting each agency at the numbers above, or at
                https://www.annualcreditreport.com/index.action. When you receive your reports, carefully review
                them for accounts you did not open or for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. Review
                your personal information, such as home address and Social Security number, for accuracy. If you see
                anything you do not understand, call the credit agency at the telephone number on the report.

If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, you may contact your local police, the sheriff’s office, or
UCSB Police Department office at (805) 893-3446. If you enrolled with ID Experts, contact them at 1-877-919-9184.
Additional information about identify theft can be obtained from the California Office of the Attorney General
Privacy Enforcement and Protection Website at http://oag.ca.gov/privacy.

The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their information has been misused to file
a complaint with them.
M5153 v.02 08.04.2014
