                                                                               University of California, Riverside
April 2, 2015

Joseph Childers
Dean, UCR Graduate Division, University of California, Riverside

Erica Healander
Director, Risk Management, University of California, Riverside



    Mr. John Smith
    123 Any Street
    Any City California, 99999



On Friday, March 13, 2015 University of California, Riverside (UCR) officials were notified of a computer
theft from UCR’s Graduate Division offices. This computer system supports graduate student applicant
processing, and various documents on the computer contained Social Security numbers paired with first and last
names.

We are notifying you of this incident because you are one of the individuals whose personal information was
contained on the stolen computer. Although UCR has no evidence that unauthorized individuals have retrieved
and are using your personal information, we are bringing this incident to your attention (in accordance with
California law) so that you can be alert to signs of any possible misuse of your personal identity. We regret that
your information may have been subject to unauthorized access, and UCR has taken remedial measures to
ensure that this situation is not repeated.

Please note there are several steps you can take to ensure your personal identity is protected, including the
following:

   First, if you have any questions or would like the information in this letter clarified, please contact UCR
    Risk Management office at 866-827-4844 (toll free). Additionally, identity protection and monitoring
    services can be obtained, at no cost, by contacting UCR at this number (866-827-4844).

   Second, you may place a fraud alert on your credit file to let creditors know to contact you before opening a
    new account in your name. Simply call any one of the three credit reporting agencies at the phone numbers
    listed below. You should (1) request that a fraud alert be placed on your account and (2) order a free credit
    report from the agency.

    o Experian 1-888-397-3742 (http://www.experian.com/fraud/center.html)
    o Equifax 1-800-525-6285 (http://www.equifax.com)
    o TransUnion 1-800-680-7289 (http://www.transunion.com)

   Third, when you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully for accounts you did not open or for
    inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. Review your personal information, such as home address
    and Social Security number for accuracy. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency
    at the telephone number on the report.
                                                                                  University of California, Riverside

   Fourth, please note that the University will not contact you again to confirm any of your personal
    information, so if an unknown person should contact you, do not give out any additional information.

   Fifth, if you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff’s office.

   Additional information about identify theft can be obtained from the Web site listed below.

    o Office of the Attorney General – Identity Theft Victim Checklist
      http://oag.ca.gov/idtheft/facts/victim-checklist

The University of California, Riverside is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of its electronic
data, and UCR takes this responsibility very seriously. In response to the increasing number of Internet-enabled
computer attacks and thefts, UCR is continually modifying its systems and practices to enhance the security of
sensitive information. We sincerely regret the inconvenience this incident has caused you.

Should you have further questions about this matter, please call UCR’s Risk Management Office at 866-827-
4844.

Sincerely,

Joseph Childers
Dean, UCR Graduate Division

Erica Healander
Director, Risk Management, University of California, Riverside

University of California, Riverside
900 University Ave.
Riverside, CA 92521
