Dear


We are writing this letter to you because you have been a patient of UC Irvine Health. On
March 13, 2015, the UC Irvine Medical Center discovered that an employee, whose job
required access to some patient records, had looked at additional patients’ recor ds without
a job-related purpose.


Unfortunately, at some point between June 2011 and March 2015, this employee accessed
your medical record and may have viewed your name, date of birth, gender, medical
record number, height, weight, Medical Center account number, allergy information, home
address, medical documentation, diagnoses, test orders and results, medications,
employment status, and the names of your health plan and employer.


After we discovered the breach, we took the following steps:
      Hired independent experts in computer forensics to conduct a thorough
       investigation, who subsequently found no evidence that this employee removed any
       patient information from the Medical Center.
      Informed local law enforcement, which launched a criminal investigati on that
       remains on-going.
      Removed the employee’s access to medical center computer systems and imposed
       disciplinary action.


Due to its on-going investigation, local law enforcement asked us not to notify patients
right away, because sending out notifications could have interfered with its investigation.
Local law enforcement has now informed us that we are free to notify patients.


As far as it is possible to determine, the employee did not access your Social Security
number, driver’s license or state ID card number, or credit or debit card information.
However, because we recognize this news may cause you great concern, we have
contracted with ID Experts to provide one year of FraudStop™ credit monitoring and
recovery services at no charge to you. To enroll in these services, please visit:
www.idexpertscorp.com/protect and use enrollment code: 53362951. If you need
assistance enrolling or would like to discuss this issue, please call 1-888-653-6036. More
details about enrolling are on the next page.


Our goal is to ensure to the privacy of your personal information. We sincerely regret any
inconvenience, stress, or worry this news might cause you.




Terry A. Belmont
Chief Executive Officer
UC Irvine Medical Center
How do I enroll in FraudStop™ credit monitoring and recovery services?


Step 1: Website and Enrollment. Go to www.idexpertscorp.com/protect and follow the instructions for
enrollment using your Enrollment Code provided on the first page. Once you have completed your
enrollment, you will receive a welcome letter by email (or by mail if you do not provide an email address
when you sign up). The welcome letter will direct you to the exclusive ID Experts’ Member Website
where you will find other valuable educational information.


Step 2: Activate the credit monitoring provided as part of your membership with ID Experts. Credit
monitoring is included in the membership, but you must personally activate it for it to be effective. You
must have established credit, and access to a computer and the internet, to use this service. If you need
assistance, ID Experts will be able to assist you.


What else can I do to protect myself?


First, you can contact the three credit reporting agencies for a free copy of your credit report.


Equifax                  Experian                    TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241          P.O. Box 2104               P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30374        Allen, TX 75013             Chester, PA 19022
1-800-685-1111           1-888-397-3742              1-800-888-4213
www.equifax.com          www.experian.com            www.transunion.com


When you get your credit report, review it for suspicious activity, such as accounts you didn’t open or
debts you can’t explain. Check that all of the information on your credit report is correct, including your
Social Security number, birth date, addresses, name or initials, and employers.


You may also ask the credit reporting agencies to place a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit
report. A security freeze is intended to prevent credit, loans, and services from being approved in your
name without your consent. The following information must be included about you (and your family
members if you are requesting as security freeze on behalf of the family members): (1) full name, with
middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any
previous addresses for the past five years; and (5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law
enforcement agency or government office. The request must also include a copy of a government-issued
identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that
each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address, and the date of issue. The consumer
reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove a freeze, although it
might be free if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and you have
submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting agency.


We also recommend that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing credit
card account statements and bank account statements.


You can obtain information from the Federal Trade Commission about steps you can take toward
preventing identity theft: Federal Trade Commission Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20580; 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338);
www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/. The Federal Trade Commission can also give you information
about fraud alerts and security freezes.
