C/O ID Experts
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336

<<mail id>>
<<First Name>> <<Last Name>>
<<Address>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
                                                                                                              <<Date>>




Dear <<Name>>,
The security and privacy of the personal information you provide to the University of California, Berkeley, is of utmost
importance to us. Regrettably, we are writing to inform you of a recent data breach in the Real Estate Division that may
have resulted in unauthorized access to some of that information. Although we have no evidence that an unauthorized
individual has actually acquired and used your personal information, we are bringing this incident to your attention, in
accordance with California law, so that you can be alert to signs of any possible misuse of your personal information.
The data breach involved unauthorized access to servers used to support a number of Real Estate programs and work
stations, specifically those in the units formerly known as Capital Projects and Physical Plant-Campus Services. None
of the identified servers or workstations were primary storehouses for personally identifiable information but some of
them stored individual files that included some personal information. Servers were breached in mid- to late September
and were shut down as soon as investigations indicated they were compromised. In subsequent weeks, the university,
with the assistance of a consultant data security firm, has been reviewing the data stored on the servers to identify
any personally identifying information and identify and locate all the individuals affected. That identification process
concluded this week.
We regret that your information may have been subject to unauthorized access. As part of the follow-up, we have
taken protective measures including review of all data involved in the breach as well as review and enhancement
of information security controls in the Real Estate Division. In an abundance of caution, we are providing you with
details of the information that may have been acquired and with a free year of credit monitoring and identity restoration
services for your protection.
Personal information that may have been accessed includes individual names along with social security numbers,
credit card numbers and driver’s license numbers.
Again, we have no evidence that an unauthorized individual has misused your personal information; however, there
are some steps you should consider taking to protect yourself.
First, you may place a fraud alert on your credit file to let creditors know to contact you before opening a new account
in your name. Simply call any one of the three credit reporting agencies at the phone numbers listed below to request
that a fraud alert be placed on your account; the agency you call will notify the other two so a fraud alert will be
enacted by all three companies.
Equifax 1-888-766-0008
Experian 1-888-397-3742
Trans Union 1-800-680-7289
Second, if you have not already done so within the last 12 months, you should order a free credit report from each
agency. You can do that by phone or online at annualcreditreport.com, a website approved by the US Federal Trade
Commission.




M9341 v.02 12.11.2014
Third, when you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully for accounts you did not open or for inquiries
from creditors that you did not initiate. Review your personal information, such as home address and Social Security
number, for accuracy. If you see anything you do not understand, call the credit agency at the telephone number on the
report. Please note that the University will not contact you again to confirm any of your personal information, so if an
unknown person should contact you, do not give out any additional information.
If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or sheriff’s office. The UCPD case
number to cite is 14-0304.
We have contracted with ID Experts®, a company that specializes in identity theft protection and fraud
resolution, to provide you with a comprehensive one-year membership in their program. As part of your one year
membership, you will receive credit monitoring and protection services for 12 months at no cost. We encourage
you to contact ID Experts with any questions and to enroll in the free services by calling 877-846-6340 or going to
www.myidcare.com/ucbinfo. ID Experts is available Monday through Friday from 6 am - 6 pm Pacific Time. Please
note the deadline to enroll is March 20, 2015.
                                       Enrollment Code: [Enrollment Code]

Additional information about identify theft can be obtained from the California Office of Privacy Protection at http://
oag.ca.gov/privacy
The University of California is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information and takes many
precautions to safeguard personal information. We regret this breach and possible access to your personal information
and will continue to expand and strengthen our efforts to protect University systems and servers from unauthorized
access.

Sincerely,




Grace Crvarich, Chief Operating Officer
UC Berkeley, Division of Real Estate




M9342 v.02 12.11.2014
