University of California, Berkeley
C/O ID Experts
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336




NOTICE OF DATA BREACH

Dear                                   ,

The security and privacy of personal information you provide to the University of California, Berkeley, is of the
utmost importance to us. Regrettably, we are writing to inform you that the university was a victim of a criminal
cyberattack that may have resulted in unauthorized access to some of your personal information.

While we have no evidence that suggests an unauthorized individual has actually accessed, acquired or used any
of your personal information, we are bringing this incident to your attention so that you can be alert to signs of any
possible misuse of your information. This letter also describes credit protection services we are providing to you free
of charge and other steps you can take.

What Happened
On December 28, 2015 an unauthorized person or persons accessed portions of computer systems that are part of
the UC Berkeley financial system. The criminals gained entry through a security flaw that the University was in the
process of patching. Law enforcement, including the FBI, has been notified.

What Information Was Involved?
Your name, together with your Social Security number and bank account number, was stored on the components of
the system accessed without authority.

What We Are Doing
UC Berkeley campus officials became aware of unauthorized access on December 29, 2015 and promptly removed
all potentially impacted servers from the network so that they could no longer be accessed. A computer investigation
firm was retained to assist with the investigation, help determine the scope of the attack and the information that
may have been exposed before its detection, and to help confirm that the attack was fully contained and the intruders
expelled.

We regret to inform you that your information was stored on the system. After considerable forensic study and
analysis, we have no evidence that your information was actually accessed, acquired, or used; however, we cannot
rule out this possibility. To help protect you against any potential misuse of your personal information, we are
providing you with a free year of credit monitoring and identity restoration services through ID Experts, a leading
provider of identity theft protection services.

What You Can Do
Again, we have no evidence that an unauthorized individual has actually accessed, acquired or misused your personal
information; however, in an abundance of caution, there are measures you should consider taking to protect yourself.




O7291 v.03 02.24.2016
We have made arrangements with ID Experts to provide you with MyIDCare, at no cost to you. MyIDCare membership
includes:

      •	    Continuous credit monitoring from TransUnion.
      •	    Access to educational information on the ID Experts Member website
      •	    An insurance reimbursement component of up to $1 million for any expenses incurred if your personal
            information is used fraudulently.
      •	    ID Theft resolution should you happen to fall victim as a result of the situation.

To enroll in MyIDCare and take advantage of these free services, contact ID Experts
                                                          . ID Experts is available Monday through Friday from
6am – 6pm Pacific Time. Please note the deadline to enroll is May 26, 2016. You will need to reference the
following access code when calling or enrolling on the website, so please do not discard this letter. Your Access
Code is:

If you find any suspicious activity on your credit reports or elsewhere, notify ID Experts right away and file a theft
report with your local police or sheriff’s office, your state’s attorney general, and or the Federal Trade Commission.
The University of California, Berkeley Police Department case number to cite is Case #16-00014. You will be
contacted by a member of the ID Experts Recovery Department. If you are a victim of identity theft, you will be
assigned an ID Experts recovery advocate who will work on your behalf to identify, stop, and reverse any damage
quickly.

Other Important Information
If you choose not to enroll in MyIDCare, there are other steps you can take to help protect yourself. Please see the
information in the “Information about Identity Theft Prevention” attachment about how you can place a fraud alert
and/or credit freeze on your credit file and how you can obtain a free copy of your credit report.

Please note that neither the University nor ID Experts will contact you to confirm any of your personal
information, so if an unknown person should contact you, do NOT give out any additional information.

For More Information
The University of California is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information and takes many
precautions to safeguard that information. We regret this cyberattack and the resulting risk of unauthorized access
to your personal information. We will continue to expand and strengthen our efforts to protect University systems
and servers from unauthorized access. For more information, please call                                           .

Sincerely,




Nils Gilman                                               Larry Conrad
Berkeley Cyber-Responsible Executive,                     Associate Vice Chancellor for IT
Associate Chancellor and                                  and Chief Information Officer
Chief of Staff to the Chancellor




O7292 v.03 02.24.2016
                                    Information about Identity Theft Prevention

We recommend that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing account statements and
monitoring your credit reports. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report once every 12 months by requesting
your report online at www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or mailing an Annual Credit
Report Request Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box
105281, Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting any of the credit
reporting agencies below.

            Equifax                Experian                    TransUnion
            P.O. Box 740241        P.O. Box 2104               P.O. Box 2000
            Atlanta, GA 30374      Allen, TX 75013             Chester, PA 19022
            1-800-685-1111         1-888-397-3742              1-800-888-4213
            www.equifax.com        www.experian.com            www.transunion.com

You should report a suspected incident of identity theft to the proper law enforcement authorities, including local law
enforcement, your state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). You may contact the FTC
to obtain additional information about avoiding identity theft.

Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20580; 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft

You may obtain information from the FTC and the consumer reporting agencies listed above about fraud alerts and
credit freezes. We provide some additional information about fraud alerts and credit freezes below.

Fraud Alerts: There are two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors on
notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert
be placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An initial
fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report
if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud alert
stays on your credit report for seven (7) years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling the toll-free
fraud number of any of the three national credit reporting agencies listed above. Once you have requested an alert
with one credit reporting agency, your request will automatically be sent to the other two agencies.

Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file, so
that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a personal identification number (PIN) or password
(or both) that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors
from accessing your credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third
parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a
credit freeze may delay your ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, temporarily lift, and/
or permanently remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily
lifting, and permanently removing a credit freeze also varies by state (the cost is generally $5 to $20 per transaction
at each credit reporting agency). Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a credit freeze on your credit file
at each credit reporting agency. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state,
please contact the three major credit reporting agencies listed above to find out more information.




O7293 v.03 02.24.2016
