Compliance Department                                                                 UC Davis Health System
Sherman Building, Suite 3100                                                          2315 Stockton Boulevard
Telephone: (916) 734-8808; Fax: (916) 734-0222                                          Sacramento, CA 95817



January 30, 2014


Dear Patient:

UC Davis Health System (UCDHS) is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of our
patients’ health information. For this reason, it is important to us that we make you aware of a privacy
issue potentially involving your personal information.

We recently learned that one of our medical provider’s email accounts was impacted by an email
“phishing” scam. This means that malicious software was potentially used to access the medical
provider’s email account.

Given the nature of most phishing scams, we believe that direct access to the information contained in
this provider’s emails is unlikely; however, we are unable to determine the specific nature of access, if
any. Therefore, we are sending a letter to all patients who may have had medical information contained
in this provider’s email account. Specifically, you are receiving this letter because the following
information about you was contained in this provider’s email: name, medical record number and the date
of a clinic visit. None of your financial information, such as credit card or Social Security numbers, was
included in the email.

Please note that UCDHS’s email system is encrypted and there were several measures in place to
prevent events like this one from occurring, including staff training and education, email filtering, and
cyber surveillance. Immediate actions were also taken to protect your privacy as soon as we discovered
this incident, including deleting the phishing email from other staff accounts, blocking access to the
phishing website, and actively warning staff about this threat.

UCDHS is committed to providing quality care, including protecting your personal information, and we
want to assure you that we have policies and procedures to protect your privacy. If you have any
questions regarding this incident, please contact the UCDHS Compliance Department at (916) 734-
8808. You may also contact us by email at privacyprogram@ucdmc.ucdavis.edu.


Sincerely,




Shara Merritt Reed
Privacy Program Director
UC Davis Health System


CN# 14-008e
