June  28,  2012

Dear  USC  Faculty,  Staff,  Students,  and  Visitors:

The  university  recently  identified  a  security  breach  affecting  credit  card  purchases  made  at  food  outlets  
on  the  USC  University  Park  and  Health  Sciences  campuses.

We  are  still  investigating  this  matter  but  we  want  to  share  with  you  what  we  have  discovered  to  date.

Credit  card  numbers  were  obtained  illegally  through  a  breach  in  a  third-­party  software  system  used  to  
process  credit  card  transactions  in  some  USC  dining  halls,  including  Ronald  Tutor  Campus  Center,  
Seeds,  the  Lab  on  Figueroa  St.  and  Starbucks  on  the  Health  Sciences  Campus  during  the  period  from  
May  21  to  June  21,  and  possibly  earlier.

Only  credit  card  numbers  were  exposed.    No  personally  identifiable  information  was  compromised.

Upon  learning  of  the  breach,  the  university  promptly  disabled  the  compromised  system.  

The  university  has  notified  the  vendor  of  the  security  breach  and  has  requested  that  the  vendor  take  
appropriate  corrective  actions  to  secure  its  system.  

USC's  Department  of  Public  Safety  and  the  Los  Angeles  Police  Department  are  investigating  the  
incident.

If  you  recently  used  your  credit  card  at  a  USC  dining  facility,  we  recommend  that  you  check  carefully  
all  credit  card  statements  that  you  receive  over  the  next  several  months,  and  as  a  precautionary  
measure,  that  you  also  check  statements  for  the  past  several  months  for  any  unusual  charges.    If  you  
discover  unauthorized  or  suspicious  activity  in  any  of  these  accounts,  contact  your  credit  card  company  
or  other  account  issuer  immediately.    By  law,  you  should  not  be  liable  for  any  unauthorized  charges.

The  FAQ  below  provides  additional  information  about  the  incident.    You  can  also  call  the  customer  
service  center  at  213.821.1863  if  you  have  questions.  

We  apologize  for  any  inconvenience  or  concern  that  this  notification  may  cause.    As  a  member  of  our  
Trojan  family  or  a  visitor  to  our  campus,  we  want  to  ensure  that  we  do  all  that  we  can  to  
maintain  your  trust  and  confidence.    The  university  takes  these  matters  very  seriously  and  we  will  do  
all  that  we  can  to  prevent  such  breaches  in  future.

Sincerely,

Dan  Stimmler
Associate  Senior  Vice  President
USC  Auxiliary  Services

                     University of Southern California R Los Angeles, California 90089 R Tel: 213 740 2311
                 Questions  and  Answers  about  Theft  of  Credit  Card  Numbers  Used  at  USC

What  numbers  were  stolen,  where  and  when?

Access  was  gained  to  a  third-­party  software  system  that  is  used  to  process  credit  card  transactions  at  some  USC  food  
venues,  including  those  at  the  Ronald  Tutor  Campus  Center,  the  Lab,  Seeds  and  Starbucks  on  the  Health  Sciences  
Campus.

USC  engaged  Ernst  &  Young  to  conduct  a  forensic  investigation  to  determine  the  duration  of  unauthorized  access  and  the  
number  of  credit  card  transactions  exposed.    To  date,  we  believe  that  impacted  transactions  occurred  between  May  21  and  
June  21,  but  we  have  not  ruled  out  earlier  instances.

How  was  the  problem  discovered?

USC’s  Department  of  Public  Safety  received  calls  from  several  individuals  reporting  credit  card  fraud  who  had  recently  
purchased  food  at  the  above  locations.

USC  Auxiliary  Services  investigated  the  complaints,  confirmed  that  the  system  had  been  compromised  and  stopped  use  of  
the  system  to  process  credit  card  charges  on  June  21.

What  if  I  purchased  food  by  credit  card  at  USC  after  June  21?

The  compromised  system  has  been  disabled  and  will  remain  offline  until  the  university  can  be  sure  that  the  security  
breach  has  been  fixed  and  data  is  secure.

What  information  was  compromised?

The  information  consisted  only  of  credit  card  numbers.    No  personally  identifiable  information  was  exposed.  As  a  result,  
cardholders  are  not  at  risk  of  identity  theft  from  this  incident.

Does  this  incident  affect  my  USCard?

No,  USCard  information  was  not  compromised.    This  incident  should  not  affect  your  continued  use  of  the  USCard.    

What  do  I  do  if  someone  used  my  credit  card  number  without  my  knowledge?

Check  your  credit  card  statements  carefully.    Immediately  report  any  unauthorized  charges  to  your  credit  card  company.  
Your  credit  card  company  will  instruct  you  on  your  options  to  further  protect  or  replace  your  card.

Am  I  responsible  for  any  fraudulent  charges?

By  federal  law,  you  should  not  be  responsible  for  charges  made  using  a  stolen  credit  card  number  while  the  card  itself  
remains  in  your  possession.    More  information  on  what  to  do  if  your  credit  card  is  compromised  is  available  at  
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/credit/cre04.shtm

How  will  you  notify  everyone  who  may  have  been  affected?

The  university  is  notifying  faculty,  students,  and  staff  directly.    We  also  have  posted  the  notification  on  the  USC  web  site  
and  distributed  the  link  through  the  media  and  our  social  media  channels.

We  are  unable  to  notify  all  potentially  impacted  individuals  directly  because  the  names  of  the  credit  card  holders  are  
known  only  to  the  banks  that  issued  the  credit  cards.    For  privacy  reasons,  the  issuing  banks  will  not  share  names  and  
contact  information  of  the  credit  card  holders.
