University of California, Irvine
Student Health Center
C/O ID Experts
PO Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336


<<First Name>><<Last Name>>
<<Street Address>>
<<City, STATE, Zip code>>
                                                                                                              <<DATE>>




Dear <<First Name>> <<Last Name>>,

We are writing to let you know that we have reason to believe that some of your information may have been acquired
by an unauthorized person.

On March 26, 2014, the California Information Security Office (http://www.cio.ca.gov/ois/) notified us that one of
the computers in the UC Irvine Student Health Center had been infected with a virus. We have since confirmed
that information and verified that two other computers also were infected. The three computers were infected with
a keystroke logger that captured data as it was entered onto them and transmitted that data to unauthorized servers.
This occurred between February 14 and March 27, 2014.

We believe that your information, including your name, unencrypted medical information (potentially including
health or dental insurance number, CPT code(s), ICD9 code(s) and/or diagnosis1), student ID#, non-student patient
ID#, mailing address, telephone #, amount you paid to the Student Health Center for services received, and your
bank name and check # (if payment was made by check), may have been among the data transmitted to unauthorized
servers. We have no indication that the data have been fraudulently used.

We immediately disconnected the infected machines from the internet, confirmed that no other components of our
network were infected and otherwise contained and remediated the incident. We also have reported the incident to
law enforcement.
Although there is no evidence that an unauthorized person has obtained your personal information and is using it,
there are some steps that you can take to protect yourself. The California Attorney General has issued consumer
guidelines that you can consult at:

                        https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/privacy/cis 16 med id theft.pdf

If, as you monitor your situation, you believe that you may be the victim of identity theft, you should contact law
enforcement immediately. You may contact the UC Irvine Police Department or your local law enforcement office.

In an abundance of caution, UC Irvine has contracted with ID Experts to provide one year of FraudStop™ credit
monitoring and one year of CyberScan™ Internet monitoring for those affected. To enroll in these services, please
visit: www.idexpertscorp.com/protect and use enrollment code: [<CODE>]. If you need assistance enrolling or have
additional questions regarding this incident, please contact the ID Experts team at 877-810-8083.




1	     A CPT code is a numeric or alpha-numeric code used to describe the type of service performed by a medical provider.
An ICD9 code is a numeric code assigned by the medical provider to describe the clinical reason for the treatment.

M1091 v.03 04.21.2014
UC Irvine regrets that your information may have been subject to unauthorized access, and we have taken and continue
to take remedial measures to ensure that this situation is not repeated. UC Irvine is committed to maintaining the
privacy of students’ and non-student patients’ personally identified information and takes many precautions for the
security of personal and medical information. The University is continually modifying its systems and practices to
enhance the security of sensitive information. We sincerely regret any inconvenience this incident presents to you.

If you have questions or would like to discuss this issue, please contact:

ID EXPERTS

877-810-8083

shc-data-theft-incident@uci.edu




Yours Sincerely,




J. Patrick Haines	                                Marcelle C. Holmes
Executive Director	                               Assistant Vice Chancellor
Student Health Center	                            Wellness, Health and Counseling Services




M1092 v.03 04.21.2014
                                    Additional Information to Protect Your Identity

1.	 Enroll and Activate in Monitoring Services. Visit ID Experts at www.idexpertscorp.com/protect and follow
    the instructions for enrollment. Once you have completed your enrollment, you will need to log in to your
    membership and activate your credit monitoring and CyberScan. Note: You must have access to a computer and
    the internet to use this service. If you need assistance, ID Experts will assist you.

2.	 Review your credit reports. We recommend that you remain vigilant by reviewing account statements and
    monitoring credit reports. Under federal law, you also are entitled every 12 months to one free copy of your
    credit report from each of the three major credit reporting companies. To obtain a free annual credit report, go to
    www.annualcreditreport.com or call 1-877-322-8228. You may wish to stagger your requests so that you receive
    a free report by one of the three credit bureaus every four months.

3.	 Place Fraud Alerts with the three credit bureaus. You can place a fraud alert at one of the three major credit
    bureaus by phone and also via Experian’s or Equifax’s website. A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain
    procedures, including contacting you, before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. For
    that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you, but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. The
    contact information for all three bureaus is as follows:

      Credit Bureaus

      Equifax Fraud Reporting                Experian Fraud Reporting              TransUnion Fraud Reporting
      1-800-525-6285                         1-888-397-3742                        1-800-680-7289
      P.O. Box 740241                        P.O. Box 9554                         Fraud Victim Assistance Division
      Atlanta, GA 30374-0241                 Allen, TX 75013                       P.O. Box 6790
      www.alerts.equifax.com                 www.experian.com                      Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
                                                                                   www.transunion.com

      Note: It is only necessary to contact only ONE of these bureaus and use only ONE of these methods. As soon
      as one of the three bureaus confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place alerts on their records as
      well. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and will then be able to order all three credit reports, free
      of charge, for your review.

4.	 Security Freeze. By placing a security freeze, someone who fraudulently acquires your personal identifying
    information will not be able to use that information to open new accounts or borrow money in your name. You
    will need to contact the three national credit reporting bureaus listed above in writing to place the freeze. Keep
    in mind that when you place the freeze, you will not be able to borrow money, obtain instant credit, or get a new
    credit card until you temporarily lift or permanently remove the freeze. The cost of placing the freeze varies by
    the state you live in and for each credit reporting agency. However, if you are a victim of identity theft and have
    filed a report with your local law enforcement agency or submitted an ID Theft Complaint Form with the Federal
    Trade Commission, there may be no charge to place the freeze.

5.	 You can obtain additional information about the steps you can take to avoid identity theft from the following:

            For California Residents:                              For Maryland Residents:
            Visit the California Office of Privacy                 Office of the Attorney General of Maryland
            Protection (www.privacy.ca.gov) for                    Consumer Protection Division
            additional information on protection                   200 St. Paul Place
            against identity theft                                 Baltimore, MD 21202
                                                                   www.oag.state.md.us/Consumer
                                                                   Telephone: 1-888-743-0023

            For North Carolina Residents:                          For all other US Residents:
            Office of the Attorney General of North Carolina       Identity Theft Clearinghouse
            9001 Mail Service Center                               Federal Trade Commission
            Raleigh, NC 27699-9001                                 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
            www.ncdoj.com/                                         Washington, DC 20580
            Telephone: 1-919-716-6400                              www.consumer.gov/idtheft
                                                                   1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
                                                                   TDD: 1-202-326-2502


M1093 v.03 04.21.2014
