    Individual Notice Letter- PII was viewed


[Date]

[Name]
[Address]
[City, State Zip]

Dear [Name]:

We are writing to notify you of an incident that may affect the security of your personal information.

On or about September 9, 2013, Update Legal was informed by the San Francisco Police that a suspect in custody was
found to be in possession of a smartphone with digital photographs of I-9 forms. Several of these images seemed to have
been copies of I-9 forms kept in a filing cabinet maintained by Update Legal in its San Francisco office. I-9 forms are
given to, and retained by, Update Legal as part of Update Legal’s government mandated employment eligibility
verification. We have received no reports of actual fraud related to these images; however, out of an abundance of
caution, we are notifying you so you can take steps to protect your information should you feel it is appropriate to do so.

Update Legal takes this matter, and the security of your personal information, very seriously. Upon hearing from the
police, Update Legal immediately commenced its own internal investigation into this incident. Update Legal also retained
privacy and data security legal counsel to assist with its investigation of, and response to, this incident. Although these
investigations are ongoing, we believe that the individual who possessed your I-9 form viewed your personal information,
including your name, [Social Security number], [date of birth], [driver’s license number], [email address], [passport
identification number], [state ID card], [military dependent’s ID card], [US Citizen’s ID card], [Certification of Birth
Abroad], [Birth Certificate], and address.

In an abundance of caution and in order to help safeguard you from misuse of your personal information, we have retained
Experian to provide—at no cost to you—a membership for up to one (1) year to its ProtectMyID™ Alert identity
monitoring and identity recovery services. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and
provides you with superior identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity
theft. Follow the instructions below to enroll and receive these services:


         1. ENSURE that you enroll by: XXXXXXX XX, 2013.
         2. VISIT the ProtectMyID™ Web Site: http://protectmyid.com/redeem, or call 877-371-7902 to enroll.
         3. PROVIDE your activation code: XXXXXXXXX.

Once your ProtectMyID™ membership is activated, your credit reports will be monitored daily for 50 leading
indicators of identity theft. You will also receive timely Credit Alerts from ProtectMyID™ on any key changes in your
credit reports which could include new inquiries, new credit accounts, medical collections and changes to public
records.

ProtectMyID™ provides you with powerful identity protection that will help detect, protect and resolve potential
identity theft. In the case that identity theft is detected, ProtectMyID™ will assign a dedicated U.S.-based Identity
Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless
service. You will also receive ExtendCARE™, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution
support even after your ProtectMyID™ membership has expired.

Your complimentary 12-month ProtectMyID™ membership includes:

            Credit Report: A free copy of your Experian credit report.
    Individual Notice Letter- PII was viewed


           Daily Credit Monitoring: Alerts you of suspicious activity including new inquiries, newly opened
            accounts, delinquencies, or medical collections found on your Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion credit
            reports.
           Identity Theft Resolution: If you have been a victim of identity theft, you will be assigned a dedicated,
            U.S.-based Experian Identity Theft Resolution Agent who will walk you through the fraud resolution
            process, from start to finish.
           ExtendCARE: Full access to the same personalized assistance from a highly-trained Fraud Resolution
            Agent even after your initial ProtectMyID™ membership expires.
           $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance: As a ProtectMyID™ member, you are immediately covered by a
            $1 Million insurance policy that can help you cover certain costs including lost wages, private
            investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID™ is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID™, need help understanding something on your credit
report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team at 1-
877-371-7902.
To further protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to review
your account statements, and to monitor your credit reports for suspicious activity. Under U.S. law, you are entitled to
one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit
www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free, 1-877-322-8228. You may also contact the three major credit bureaus
directly to request a free copy of your credit report.

At no charge, you can also have these credit bureaus place a “fraud alert” on your file that alerts creditors to take
additional steps to verify your identity prior to granting credit in your name. Note, however, that because it tells creditors
to follow certain procedures to protect you, it may also delay your ability to obtain credit while the agency verifies your
identity. As soon as one credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the others are notified to place fraud alerts on your file.
Should you wish to place a fraud alert, or should you have any questions regarding your credit report, please contact any
one of the agencies listed below. Information regarding security freezes is also available from these agencies.

Equifax                              Experian                                  TransUnion
P.O. Box 105069                      P.O. Box 2002                             P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                    Allen, TX 75013                           Chester, PA 19022-2000
800-525-6285                         888-397-3742                              800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                          www.transunion.com

You can also further educate yourself regarding identity theft, security freezes, and the steps you can take to protect
yourself, by contacting the Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission can be reached at: 600
Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/, 1-877-ID-THEFT (877-
438-4338); TTY: 866-653-4261. The Federal Trade Commission also encourages those who discover that their
information has been misused to file a complaint with them. You can also obtain further information on how to file such a
complaint by way of the contact information listed above. Instances of known or suspected identity theft should also be
reported to law enforcement.

We have established a confidential privacy line, staffed with professionals trained in credit and identity protection and
familiar with this incident. If you have any questions regarding the incident or the information in this letter, please
contact this confidential privacy line at X-(XXX) XXX-XXXX. This line is available Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m.
to 5:00 p.m. E.S.T.
    Individual Notice Letter- PII was viewed


We apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this may have caused you.

Very truly yours,



April Pish
Director of Human Resources/Operations
Update, Inc.
