Dear [FIRST NAME],

We recently discovered that a small number of Dividend Miles accounts were accessed by unauthorized users who had
obtained usernames and passwords for the compromised accounts through means as yet unknown to us. Based upon our
review, it is possible that your account may have been affected. The information that the intruders potentially gained access
to (to the extent you had provided it to US Airways) includes your: name, address, email address, answers to your security
questions, and, in some cases, date of birth, Known Traveler number, and the last four digits of credit cards. In a very limited
number of instances, mileage was improperly taken from the accessed accounts, and we are already working with those
customers to restore any Dividend Miles improperly taken.

Dividend Miles account profiles do not contain Social Security numbers or Passport numbers, and, at this point, we have
no reason to believe that full credit card information was accessed. We are working with U.S. federal law enforcement and
continue to research the extent of the unauthorized access.

In order to ensure the security of your account, we have deactivated your current password and provided you with a new
password, listed below, which you will be required to enter when you next log in to your Dividend Miles account. Once you
have logged in, you can change your password to one of your choosing. We encourage you to use a strong password (e.g.,
containing 8 characters or more with at least one number, symbol, and/or one capital letter), and we recommend that you
not select a password that you use elsewhere on the Internet. We have also disabled the security questions and answers that
you previously completed. After logging in to your account, please select new security questions and answers from the drop
down list. If you are unable to log in to your account or notice unauthorized changes to your Dividend Miles account please
call the Dividend Miles service center number at 1-800-428-4322.

If you use the same username and password for other accounts, especially financial accounts or accounts with personal
information, we suggest you change your passwords on those accounts as well. We recommend that you carefully review
your statements, account activity, and credit reports to help protect the security of those accounts. The enclosed Attachment
A provides additional information regarding protecting yourself against possible identity theft or other financial loss.

Additionally, we have contracted with LifeLock® to provide you a free one year membership in LifeLock’s credit monitoring
program. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with identity protection
services focused on identification and resolution of identity theft. You may sign up for this service by following the instruc-
tions attached to this letter at Attachment B. You will be able to access this offer at no cost to you up until August 31, 2014.

We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you. US Airways takes information protection very seriously and
will continue to work to ensure that additional measures are taken to protect personally identifiable information. If you have
further questions, please call us 1-800-428-4322.

Sincerely,
                                                                                                    PASSWORD goes here


Fernand Fernandez
Managing Director, Marketing and Customer Loyalty
US Airways
Attachment A: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
To protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to review your account statements and to mon-
itor your credit reports. Provided below are the names and contact information for the three major U.S. credit bureaus and additional information
about steps you may take to obtain a free credit report and/or place a security freeze on your credit report. Other credit check providers offer similar
services outside the U.S. If you believe those accounts may have been breached or that your identity may have been stolen, you should contact law
enforcement, including the Federal Trade Commission if you are resident in the U.S. If you believe you are the victim of identity theft, you also have
right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it.

U.S. RESIDENTS - INFORMATION ON OBTAINING A FREE CREDIT REPORT
U.S. residents are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit bureaus. To order your free credit
report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free (877) 322-8228.

U.S. RESIDENTS - INFORMATION ON IMPLEMENTING A SECURITY FREEZE
A security freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from a consumer’s credit report without written authorization.
However, please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests
you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services.

If you have been a victim of identity theft, and you provide the credit reporting agency with a valid police report, it cannot charge you to place, lift
or remove a security freeze. In all other cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 each to place, temporarily lift, or permanently
remove a security freeze.

To place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written request to each of the three major consumer reporting agencies: Equifax
(https://www.freeze.equifax.com); Experian (https://www.experian.com/freeze); and TransUnion (https://freeze.transunion.com) by regular, certified or
overnight mail at the addresses below:

Equifax Security Freeze                             Experian Security Freeze                            Trans Union Security Freeze
P.O. Box 105788                                     P.O. Box 9554                                       Fraud Victim Assistance Department
Atlanta, GA 30348                                   Allen, TX 75013                                     P.O. Box 2000
1-800-685-1111                                      1-888-397-3742                                      Chester, PA 19022
                                                                                                        1-888-909-8872

In order to request a security freeze, you will need to provide the following information:
1. Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
2. Social Security Number;
3. Date of birth;
4. If you have moved in the past five (5) years, provide the addresses where you have lived over the prior five years;
5. Proof of current address such as a current utility bill or telephone bill;
6. A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s license or ID card, military identification, etc.);
7. If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of either the police report, investigative report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency
concerning identity theft; and
8. If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover
only). Do not send cash through the mail.

U.S. RESIDENTS - ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
You may wish to visit the web site of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission at www.consumer.gov/idtheft or reach the FTC at 1-877-382-4357 or 600
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580 for further information about how to protect yourself from identity theft. Your state Attorney
General may also have advice on preventing identity theft, and you should report instances of known or suspected identity theft to law enforcement,
your State Attorney General, and the FTC.
North Carolina Residents: The Attorney General can be contacted at 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001; telephone (877) 566-7226;
or www.ncdoj.gov.
Maryland Residents: The Attorney General can be contacted at Office of Attorney General, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202; telephone (888)
743-0023; or http://www.oag.state.md.us.
Massachusetts Residents: Under Massachusetts law, you have the right to obtain any police report filed in regard to the incident. If you are the victim
of identity theft, you also have the right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it.
Attachment B: LIFELOCK INSTRUCTIONS


US Airways has retained LifeLock to provide one (1) year of complimentary identity theft protection as more fully described below.


                           To begin protecting yourself immediately at no cost to you:
                           1. Call 1-800-899-0180 or visit www.lifelock.com/enrollment to enroll.
                           2. Choose the LifeLock® service plan.
                           3. Use the promotion code: USA2013 when prompted as well as your Member ID
                           4. Your Member ID is the same as your Dividend Miles account number.


LifeLock’s specialized team of telephone representatives are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to answer any questions you
may have regarding the enrollment process or the service being provided.

Members under the age of 18 must have LifeLock service administered by a parent or legal guardian by calling
1-800-899-0180.

You will have until August 31st, 2014 to enroll in this service.

Once you have completed the LifeLock enrollment process, the services will be in effect immediately. Your LifeLock membership includes:

• Identity Threat Detection and Alerts – Alerts you whenever LifeLock detects your personal information in fraudulent applications –
  both credit and noncredit related.
• Advance Internet Threat Detection - Patrols black market Internet sites for the illegal selling or trading of your information.
• Address Change Verification – Warns you when a detected change of address is requested in your name, helping reduce your chances
  of mail theft.
• Lost Wallet Protection – LifeLock will help you quickly cancel and replace lost or stolen credit cards to help stop fraudulent charges.

LifeLock backs up its services with its $1 Million Total Service Guarantee. (Guarantee applies only if you become a victim of identity
theft because of a failure in LifeLock® service. Other restrictions apply. See www.lifelock.com for details.)
