             <<Member First Name>> <<Member Last Name>>                                               <<Date>> (Format: Month Day, Year)
             <<Address1>>
             <<Address2>>
             <<City>>, <<State>> <<Zip Code>>




             Important Security and Protection Notification. Please read this entire letter.
             Dear <<Member First Name>> <<Member Last Name>>,
             We are writing to let you know that portions of your personal information may have been compromised as
             part of a criminal intrusion on US Investigations Services, LLC’s (USIS) computer systems that USIS detected
             in June 2014. USIS retained this information on its systems in connection with your engagement by USIS.
             While we are not aware of any misuse of your information, we wanted to inform you of the incident and
             encourage you to take the actions described below, including taking advantage of complimentary credit
             protection and monitoring services that we are offering at no cost to you. Please be assured that USIS
             remains deeply committed to protecting the privacy and security of information on its systems, and will
             continue to take appropriate actions to respond to this intrusion.
             In addition to USIS’s own investigation, USIS is working with federal law enforcement and other government
             agencies to investigate this intrusion. Although the investigation continues, we believe that information
             compromised by the intrusion may have included <<ClientDef1(names, dates of birth, Social Security
             numbers, user names and password for online accounts,)>> and addresses of a limited number of individuals.
             Although at this point in our investigation we are not aware of any misuse of your information, we are offering,
             at no cost to you, one year of complimentary identity theft protection services from Kroll Information Assurance
             Inc., a global leader in risk mitigation and response. Your identity theft protection services include access to
             Credit Monitoring that will alert you to changes in your credit file, once activated, as well as Identity Theft
             Consultation and Restoration. Kroll’s licensed investigators are able to offer their expertise regarding any
             questions or concerns you may have regarding identity theft. And should your name and credit be affected
             by this incident, your investigator will help restore your identity to pre-theft status. We encourage you to take
             advantage of your complimentary Kroll Information Assurance services.
             You have until August 31, 2015, at 11:59:59 PM EDT to sign up for this service from Kroll Information
             Assurance. To do so, please follow the instructions in the section titled “How to Take Advantage of Your
             Identity Theft Protection Services” below. If you do not follow the instructions below, you will not receive
             any credit monitoring services.
             To receive credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a
             Social Security number in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file.



                                                                                                                 Your letter is continued on the next page …

                                        How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services

 Visit ???.??????.com and follow the online instructions to take advan-             Membership Number: <<Member ID>>
 tage of your identity theft protection services.                                                      Help is only a phone call away.
 You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll’s identity            If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a victim
 protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide your                   of identity theft, Call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time),
 membership number.                                                                 Monday through Friday, and ask to speak with an investigator.
 ???.??????.com is compatible with the current version or one version               Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
 earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.                           Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.

xxxxxx-0814 Empl   To receive your credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-???-???-????. (if Kroll In House use 1-844-263-8605)
Kroll Information Assurance identity theft protection is a service offered by a third party, and not by USIS.
If you are interested in signing up for the service, please be certain to review all the information about
the program on the Kroll Information Assurance website. The service is subject to the Kroll Information
Assurance terms and conditions. If you have questions about Kroll Information Assurance services, please
contact Kroll Information Assurance at 1-???-???-????.
We are also enclosing a “Credit Monitoring Reference Guide,” which contains details on steps you can
take to protect your information against potential misuse, including the option to place a fraud alert or a
security freeze on your credit file. We urge you to be vigilant and closely review and monitor your bank
and credit card statements, credit reports and other financial information for any evidence of identity theft
or other unusual activity. Please let us know if you become aware of any such activity.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call 1-???-???-????, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Central Time),
Monday through Friday. Kroll Information Assurance’s licensed investigators are standing by to answer
your questions or help you with concerns you may have. Please have your membership number ready.
Sincerely,
Sterling Phillips
President and CEO
US Investigations Services, LLC


Enclosures: Credit Monitoring Reference Guide
                                 Credit Monitoring Reference Guide
To protect against possible identity theft or other financial loss, we encourage you to remain vigilant, to
review your account statements, to monitor your credit reports and to consider these additional steps:
Security Freeze. Some state laws allow you to place a security freeze on your credit reports. This would
prohibit a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from your credit report without your
written permission. You should be aware, however, that placing a security freeze on your credit report
may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of any requests you make for new loans, credit,
mortgages, employment, housing or other services. The specific costs and procedures for placing a
security freeze vary by state law, but this reference guide provides general information. You can find
additional information at the websites of any of the three credit reporting agencies listed below.
If you believe that you have been a victim of identity theft and you provide the credit reporting agency
with a valid police report, it will not charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze on your credit
reports. In all other cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 (and in some cases, up
to $20.00) each time you place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.
Requirements vary by state, but generally to place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a
written request to each of the three credit reporting agencies noted below, which must include the following
information: (1) Full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.); (2) Social Security Number;
(3) Date of birth; (4) Addresses for the prior five years; (5) Proof of current address; (6) A legible copy of a
government issued identification card; (7) A copy of any relevant police report, investigative report, or
complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft and (8) If you are not a victim of identity
theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Express or
Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.
Equifax Security Freeze	 Experian Security Freeze	 TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105788	         P.O. Box 9554	            P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348	  Allen, Texas 75013	       Fullerton, California
800-525-6285	888-397-3742	92834-6790
www.equifax.com 	        www.experian.com	         800-680-7289
		www.transunion.com
Free Credit Reports. To order a free copy of your credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call
toll-free at (877) 322-8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission’s (“FTC”) website at www.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O.
Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three national credit bureaus provide free annual credit reports
only through the website, toll-free number or request form.
When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the
“inquiries” section for names of creditors from whom you haven’t requested credit. Some companies bill
under names other than their store or commercial names. The credit bureau will be able to tell you when
that is the case. Look in the “personal information” section for any inaccuracies in your information
(such as home address and Social Security number). If you see anything you do not understand, call the
credit bureau at the telephone number on the report. Errors in this information may be a warning sign of
possible identity theft. You should notify the credit bureaus of any inaccuracies in your report, whether
due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and, if found to be in
error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate
credit bureau by telephone and in writing.
Fraud Alerts. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a fraud alert on your credit
file. A fraud alert alerts you of an attempt by an unauthorized person to open a new credit account in your
name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a
notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to
verify the identity of the applicant. You can place a free fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one
of the toll-free fraud numbers provided below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows
you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three credit bureaus. You can also place a fraud alert on your
credit report online at the websites listed below for Equifax and Experian and via email for TransUnion at
fvad@transunion.com.
Equifax	                               Experian	           TransUnion Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 105069	                       P.O. Box 1017	      P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30348-5069	           Allen, Texas 75013	 Fullerton, California 92834-6790
800-525-6285	                          888-397-3742	800-680-7289
www.fraudalerts.equifax.com	           www.experian.com	www.transunion.com
Police Report. If you find suspicious activity on your credit reports or account statements, or have reason
to believe that your personal information is being misused, contact your local law enforcement authorities
immediately and file a police report. You have the right to request a copy of the police report and should
retain it for further use, as many creditors want the information it contains to absolve you of potential
fraudulent debts.
You can obtain information from your state Attorney General and the Federal Trade Commission about
steps you can take to avoid identity theft.:
For Illinois Residents	         For Maryland Residents
Illinois Attorney General	      Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Fraud Bureau	          Consumer Protection Division
500 South Second Street	        200 St. Paul Place
Springfield, IL 62706	          Baltimore, MD 21202
866-999-5630	                   888-743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
www.illinoisattorneygeneral.gov	410-576-6300
	www.oag.state.md.us
For North Carolina Residents	               Federal Trade Commission
North Carolina Attorney General’s Office	   Consumer Response Center
9001 Mail Service Center	                   600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001	                     Washington, DC 20580
877-566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)	 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
919-716-6400	www.ftc.gov/idtheft/
www.ncdoj.gov
