Date: March 9, 2015



Dear Patient:

On February 24, 2015 we discovered that a laptop computer attached to the Electrocardiogram (EKG) machine in
the General Medicine department was missing. After searching the premises, the incident was reported to the North
Hollywood Police Department (Report # 150224003504) that same day.

We are informing you of this incident because you received an EKG test, and your name and date of birth were
entered into the medical record database on the computer. The breach does not include Social Security numbers,
Driver’s License/California Identification Card numbers or any financial account information. Although access to
information stored on the said computer is password protected, and requires user authentication, we believe it is
important that you know about this security breach. Please know that we are taking all the necessary steps to prevent
a similar incident from occurring again. These include IT encryption and storage of medical databases, and securing
computers so that they cannot be removed.

We recommend that you regularly review the explanation of benefits statement that you receive from health
insurance carrier if applicable. If you see any service that you believe you did not receive, please contact your
insurance carrier at the number on the statement. If you do not receive regular explanation of benefits statements,
contact your provider or plan and request them to send such statements following the provision of services in your
name or number.

You may want to order copies of your credit reports and check for any medical bills that you do not recognize. If
you find anything suspicious, call the credit reporting agency at the phone number on the report. Experian offers a
free credit monitoring service for up to 90 days, and it will report any suspicious activity to Equifax and Transunion
during the course of monitoring. You can order your reports from the three credit reporting agencies for free each
year by calling 1-877-322-8228 or going to www.annualcreditreport.com or you can order them individually from
the three credit reporting agencies listed below:

Experian 1-888-397-3742 www.experian.com

Equifax 1-800-525-6285 www.equifax.com

TransUnion 1-800-680-7289 www.transunion.com

Keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical records. For information on
your medical privacy rights, we suggest that you visit the web site of the California Office of Privacy Protection at
www.privacy.ca.gov.
We apologize for any inconvenience this incident may have caused. If you have questions or need further
information, please contact our Human Resource department at 818.301.6370.




Sincerely,




Paula Wilson                                                                   Roger A. Peeks, MD
President/CEO                                                                  Chief Medical Officer
