September 19, 2014

Subject:       Important Notice: Data compromise at Viator

Dear Viator Customer

We want to make you aware that Viator has experienced a data compromise that could
potentially affect payment card data used to make bookings through Viator’s websites and
mobile offerings. If you have created a Viator account, this compromise may also affect your
email address, password and Viator “nickname.” We deeply regret any inconvenience this may
cause. The protection of our customers’ personal information is of paramount concern. We are
dedicating all the resources necessary to investigate and resolve this incident.

We have alerted the credit card companies and law enforcement, in addition to taking
appropriate steps to secure our systems. We are writing to make you aware of the occurrence
so that you can also monitor your accounts as a prudent measure, and take any other
precautions you believe may be appropriate. We are offering our customers in the U.S. free
identity protection services, including credit monitoring.

Meanwhile, we are continuously working to strengthen our security measures to help minimize
the potential for incidents of this nature in the future. While our investigation is ongoing, here is
some important information to be aware of.

What Happened:
On September 2, we were informed by our credit card service provider that unauthorized
charges had been made on a number of our customers’ credit cards. We have hired forensic
experts, notified law enforcement and we have been working diligently and comprehensively to
investigate the incident, identify how our systems may have been impacted, and secure our
systems. Although our investigation is continuing, we currently believe that some forms of your
data may be affected by the compromise. This information includes encrypted credit or debit
card number, along with card expiration date, name, billing address, email address and, if you
have created a Viator account, the associated email address, encrypted password and Viator
“nickname.” At this time, we have no reason to believe that the three or four digit value printed
at the back or front of your card was compromised. Additionally, debit PIN numbers are not
collected by Viator and could therefore not be compromised.

Steps You Can Take To Further Reduce Your Risk of Identity Theft/Fraud:
We recommend that all affected customers monitor their card activity and report any fraudulent
charges to their credit card company. It is always a good practice to review your credit and debit
card account statements regularly for suspicious activity. If you notice suspicious activity
involving your account, please report it immediately to the appropriate financial institution or
credit card company. You will not be responsible for fraudulent charges to your account if you
report them in a timely manner.

To assist our customers in the U.S., we are offering free identity protection services, including
credit monitoring. More information on that offer is below.

Additionally, we encourage you to reset your Viator password the next time you sign in to your
Viator account, and change it on any other sites where you used the same password.



                                                -1-
To change passwords on the Viator site, click on the “Change Password” on the “My Profile”
tab, once signed in. Here are some tips to help you create a strong password: (1) make sure
your password is at least six characters in length; (2) combine numbers and letters and don’t
include commonly used words; (3) include punctuation marks; and (4) mix capital and lowercase
letters. It is also advisable to use a different password on different sites.

If you have questions related to this situation, you can contact us anytime through our dedicated
toll-free information helpline at 888-680-0710 or at 702-939-9819.1

Responding properly to this incident is our top priority, and we are committed to taking all
appropriate steps to safeguard your personal information. For over 10 years, Viator’s mission
has been dedicated to offering travelers the best tours and activities worldwide, and to
delivering a superior experience in all our customer interactions. That mission continues. We
deeply regret any inconvenience or concern this may cause you and we thank you for your
patience as we continue our investigation. We are focused on doing everything possible to
maintain your trust so that we can continue to serve you in the future.


Sincerely,


Barrie Seidenberg
CEO, Viator




1
    Please do not reply to this email with any personal information.
                                                 -2-
Steps You Can Take To Further Protect Your Information
Review Your Account Statements
As a precautionary measure, we recommend that you review your account statements and
credit reports closely. If you detect any suspicious activity on an account, you should promptly
notify the financial institution or company with which the account is maintained. You also should
promptly report any fraudulent activity or any suspected incidence of identity theft to proper law
enforcement authorities, your state attorney general, or the Federal Trade Commission. In some
states, you may also obtain a police report regarding this incident.

Free Credit Monitoring
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of
Experian’s® ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal
information and provides you with superior identity protection support focused on immediate
identification and resolution of identity theft.

Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps
1. ENSURE That You Enroll By: December 31, 2014 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2. Visit the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3. PROVIDE Your Activation Code: [code]

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 866-926-9801 and
provide engagement #: [XXXXX].

Additional details regarding your 12-month ProtectMyID Membership:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features:

   Free copy of your Experian credit report
   Surveillance Alerts for:
    o Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on
        your Experian, Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
   Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based
    customer care and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the
    process of fraud resolution from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate
    each incident; help with contacting credit grantors to dispute charges and close accounts
    including credit, debit and medical insurance cards; assist with freezing credit files; contact
    government agencies.
    o It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data
        breach. To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you
        with the same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMyID
        membership has expired.
   $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance2: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost
    wages, private investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.



2
  Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG.
The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not
include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual
policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all
jurisdictions.
                                                -3-
Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report
for inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help
understanding something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may
be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team at 866-926-9801.

Credit Report Monitoring
You may obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the 3 major credit reporting
agencies once every 12 months by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com, calling toll-free
877-322-8228, or by completing an Annual Credit Report Request Form and mailing it to Annual
Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348. You can print a copy of
the request form at http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0093-annual-report-request-
form.pdf. Or you can elect to purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one of the
three national credit reporting agencies shown below.

Equifax                          Experian                          TransUnion
(800) 685-1111                   (888) 397-3742                    (800) 916-8800
www.equifax.com                  www.experian.com                  www.transunion.com
P.O. Box 740241                  535 Anton Blvd., Suite 100        P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, GA 30374                Costa Mesa, CA 92626              Fullerton, CA 92834

Additional Free Resources on Identity Theft
You may wish to review the tips provided by the Federal Trade Commission on how to avoid
identity theft. For more information, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft or call 1-877-ID-
THEFT (877-438-4338). Maryland residents may also wish to review information provided by
the     Maryland    Attorney    General      on    how      to    avoid    identity  theft      at
http://www.oag.state.md.us/idtheft, or by sending an email to idtheft@oag.state.md.us, or calling
410-576-6491. North Carolina residents may wish to review information provided by the North
Carolina Attorney General at http://www.ncdoj.gov, by calling 877-566-7226, or writing to 9001
Mail Service Center, Raleigh, North Carolina 27699.

Fraud Alert
You may consider placing a fraud alert on your credit report. This fraud alert statement informs
creditors of possible fraudulent activity within your report and requests that the creditor contact
you prior to establishing any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report,
contact any of the three credit reporting agencies identified above. Additional information is
available at http://www.annualcreditreport.com.

Security Freeze
In some U.S. states, you have the right to put a security freeze on your credit file. This will
prevent new credit from being opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is
issued to you when you initiate the freeze. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential
creditors from accessing your credit report without your consent. As a result, using a security
freeze may interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit. Additionally, if you request a
security freeze from a consumer reporting agency there may be a fee up to $10 to place, lift, or
remove the security freeze; however, this fee may be less in certain states (in MA, up to $5). In
order to place a security freeze, you may be required to provide the consumer reporting agency
with information that identifies you including your full name, Social Security number, date of
birth, current and previous addresses, a copy of your state-issued identification card, and a
recent utility bill, bank statement or insurance statement. You must separately place a security
freeze on your credit file with each credit reporting agency.




                                               -4-
