               July 31, 2013



               [Patient name]
               [Address]
               [City, State, ZIP]

               Dear [Patient]:

               We are sending this letter to you as part of Retinal
               Consultant Medical Group’s commitment to the privacy and
               security of your protected health information (PHI). We take
               patient privacy very seriously, and it is important to us that
               you are made fully aware of the following PHI security
               incident:

               On June 7, 2013, it was discovered that a laptop computer,
               which was a component of a diagnostic imaging machine,
               was stolen sometime after our office closed on June 5, 2013.
               The laptop computer contained the following types of
               unsecured PHI: names, dates of birth, gender, race, and
               OCT (optical coherence tomography) images.

               Please be assured that information such as your Social
               Security Number, Driver’s License, and address was not on
               the laptop.

               As a result of our investigation we are not aware of any
               unauthorized use of the PHI by an unauthorized individual, or
               that the PHI was actually acquired or accessed.

               It is nevertheless very important that you take steps to
               eliminate or minimize any potential harm that could be
               caused by the theft. This includes, but is not limited to,
               obtaining credit reports from one or more of the major credit
               reporting agencies, and monitoring your financial and
               banking accounts for unauthorized activity.

{00071100.3}
               By law, consumers may request a free copy of their credit
               report once every 12 months from each of the three major
               credit reporting agencies (i.e., Equifax, Experian, Trans
               Union). You can request a free credit report by phone at 1-
               877-322-8228, or by mail addressed to: Annual Credit Report
               Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281,
               or online at www.annualcreditreport.com.

               The above matter has been reported to the local police
               department. While we hope to recover the stolen computer
               and PHI, that may not be possible. In an attempt to prevent
               further breaches of PHI, we are increasing the physical
               security of imaging and other equipment stored at our
               offices, increasing the interior and exterior security of our
               offices, and requiring additional information when confirming
               a patient’s identity on the phone. We are also in the process
               of determining how we can further secure laptop data and
               strengthening other aspects of our internal HIPAA security
               program.

               Retinal Consultants Medical Group is committed to providing
               quality care, including the preservation of the confidentiality
               of your protected health information. If you have further
               questions or concerns, you may contact us for additional
               information by calling (855) 848-1335 toll-free, or by mailing
               me at the address below:

               Chris Mentink, Privacy Official
               Retinal Consultants Medical Group, Inc.
               3939 J Street, Suite 104
               Sacramento, CA 95819

               Sincerely,



               Chris Mentink
               Privacy Official


{00071100.3}
