Return Mail Processing Center
P.O. Box 6336
Portland, OR 97228-6336

<<mail id>>
<<Name1>>
<<Name2>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>
	<<Date>>




Dear <<First Name>> <<Last Name>>:

Washington Township Health Care District (the “District” or “we”) is writing to inform you of a security incident
that may have involved some of your personal information. We want to provide you information on what happened
and the steps we are taking to protect you moving forward.

What Happened?
On October 8, 2015, the District learned that an unauthorized individual may have gained access to a computer
associated with Washington Community Health Resource Library. This particular computer was used to maintain
library identification cards. Upon learning this, we immediately initiated a comprehensive internal review to
determine what information may have been accessed. We also retained an outside computer forensic firm to assist in
our investigation. That investigation is now complete.

What Type of Information Was Involved?
Our investigation determined that the computer was accessed. The computer contained a database file that included
your name, address, and driver’s license number. Although our investigation confirmed that the computer was
accessed, there is no direct evidence that the database file itself was accessed. Nevertheless, we believe it prudent to
notify you.

More importantly, the database file did not contain any Social Security numbers or health information. Our
investigation also confirms that the affected computer was not connected to our internal network.

What Are We Doing?
While we have received no reports that your information has been used in any manner that would compromise
your identity or credit, out of an abundance of caution, we want to let you know this happened and assure you
that we take it very seriously. Further, we are offering you a complimentary one-year membership to Experian’s®
ProtectMyID® Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides you with
identity protection services focused on immediate identification and resolution of identity theft. ProtectMyID Alert
is completely free to you, and enrolling in this program will not hurt your credit score. To help prevent something
like this from happening in the future, we are taking additional steps to strengthen and enhance the security of
information on our network, including conducting a comprehensive review of our information security policies and
procedures.

What Can You Do?
For instructions on how to activate your complimentary one-year membership, please see the “Activate ProtectMyID
Now in Three Easy Steps” document enclosed with this letter. Also, please review the enclosed “Information about
Identity Theft Protection” reference guide on the back of this letter, which describes additional steps you can take
to help protect yourself, including recommendations by the Federal Trade Commission regarding identity theft
protection and details on how to place a fraud alert or a security freeze on your credit file.




O4501 v.03 12.23.2015
For More Information
We deeply regret any inconvenience this incident may cause you. If you have any questions, please call
1-888-668-9189, Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time.

Sincerely,




Kristin Ferguson, MSN, MHA, BS, RN CHC
Chief of Compliance
Washington Hospital Healthcare System
Enclosures




O4502 v.03 12.23.2015
                                    Information about Identity Theft Protection

We recommend that you regularly review statements from your accounts and periodically obtain your credit report
from one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report online
at www.annualcreditreport.com, by calling toll-free 1-877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request
Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to Annual Credit Report Request Service, P.O. Box 105281, Atlanta,
GA 30348-5281. You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the three national
credit reporting agencies listed below.

            Equifax, P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, Georgia 30374-0241, 1-800-685-1111, www.equifax.com
            Experian, P.O. Box 9532, Allen, TX 75013, 1-888-397-3742, www.experian.com
            TransUnion, P.O. Box 1000, Chester, PA 19016, 1-877-322-8228, www.transunion.com

You should remain vigilant with respect to reviewing your account statements and credit reports, and you should
promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to us and to the proper law enforcement authorities,
including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).
You may contact the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about avoiding and
protection against identity theft.

            Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center
            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580, 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338), www.ftc.gov/idtheft

For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft from the
Maryland Office of the Attorney General:

            Maryland Office of the Attorney General, Consumer Protection Division
            200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us	

For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing and avoiding identity theft
from North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:

            North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division
            9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM, www.ncdoj.gov

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your credit report to put your creditors
on notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud
alert be placed on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of identity theft. An
initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days. You may have an extended alert placed on your credit
report if you have already been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended fraud
alert stays on your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by contacting any
of the three national credit reporting agencies at the toll-free numbers listed below:
Equifax                                    Experian                               TransUnion
877-478-7625                               888-397-3742                           800-680-7289
Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a security freeze, on your credit file,
so that no new credit can be opened in your name without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you
initiate a freeze. A credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report
without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors and other third parties will not be able to get
access to your credit report, unless you temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your
ability to obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift, and/or remove a credit freeze. Credit freeze laws
vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state,
generally $5 to $20 per action, at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately place a
credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the instructions for how to establish a credit
freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find
out more information.
Equifax Security Freeze                   Experian Security Freeze                 TransUnion (FVAD)
P.O. Box 105788                           P.O. Box 9554                            P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30348                         Allen, TX 75013                          Chester, PA 19016
www.equifax.com                           www.experian.com                         freeze.transunion.com
You can obtain more information about fraud alerts and credit freezes by contacting the FTC or one of the national
credit reporting agencies listed above.

O4503 v.03 12.23.2015
                                   Activate ProtectMyID Now in Three Easy Steps

1.	ENSURE That You Enroll By: March 25, 2016 (Your code will not work after this date.)
2.	 VISIT the ProtectMyID Web Site to enroll: www.protectmyid.com/redeem
3.	PROVIDE Your Activation Code: <<Account Code>>

If you have questions or need an alternative to enrolling online, please call 877-288-8057 and provide engagement #:
PC98280

ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP:

A credit card is not required for enrollment.

Once your ProtectMyID membership is activated, you will receive the following features: 	
   ■■ Free copy of your Experian credit report
   ■■ Surveillance Alerts for:
       ○○ Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your Experian,
           Equifax® and TransUnion® credit reports.
   ■■ Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMyID ExtendCARE: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
       and a dedicated Identify Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud resolution
       from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with contacting credit
       grantors to dispute charges and close accounts, including credit, debit, and medical insurance cards; assist
       with freezing credit files; and contact government agencies.
       ○○ It is recognized that identity theft can happen months, and even years, after a data breach. To offer added
           protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the same high-level of Fraud
           Resolution support, even after your ProtectMyID membership has expired.
   ■■ $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs, including lost wages, private
       investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

                        Activate your membership today at www.protectmyid.com/redeem
                         or call 877-288-8057 to register with the activation code above.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMyID is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for inaccurate or
suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMyID, need help understanding something on your credit
report, or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please contact Experian’s customer care team
at 877-288-8057.




* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a
summary and intended for informational purposes only, and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available
in all jurisdictions.

O4504 v.03 12.23.2015
