	  
	  
November	  29,	  2012	  
	  
CLIENT	  CONTACT	  INFO	  
	  
I	  am	  writing	  to	  you	  with	  important	  information	  about	  a	  recent	  unauthorized	  disclosure	  of	  your	  
personal	  health	  information	  from	  WestCoast	  Children’s	  Clinic.	  We	  became	  aware	  of	  this	  event	  
on	  November	  27,	  2012	  that	  occurred	  on	  November	  20,	  2012.	  
	  
A	  referral	  document	  containing	  your	  name,	  date	  of	  birth,	  Social	  Security	  Number,	  address,	  and	  
your	  current	  health	  concerns	  was	  unintentionally	  sent	  by	  email	  to	  an	  unauthorized	  recipient,	  a	  
county	  social	  worker,	  at	  the	  Alameda	  County	  Department	  of	  Social	  Services,	  Child	  and	  Family	  
Services	  Unit.	  	  
	  
We	  take	  the	  privacy	  and	  security	  of	  your	  protected	  health	  information	  very	  seriously.	  We	  have	  
taken	  the	  following	  steps:	  
	  
WestCoast	  Children’s	  Clinic	  has	  investigated	  the	  breach	  to	  determine	  how	  this	  unintentional	  
error	  resulted	  in	  the	  release	  of	  your	  protected	  health	  information.	  We	  have	  notified	  the	  
unintended	  recipient	  who	  has	  confirmed	  that	  your	  information	  was	  permanently	  deleted	  from	  
that	  email	  account.	  We	  have	  ensured	  that	  any	  existing	  copies	  of	  this	  document	  were	  securely	  
deleted	  on	  our	  network.	  	  
	  
We	  have	  reported	  this	  breach	  to	  California	  Office	  of	  the	  Attorney	  General	  and	  we	  will	  report	  
this	  breach	  to	  the	  United	  States	  Department	  of	  Health	  &	  Human	  Services.	  We	  have	  reviewed	  
our	  existing	  policies	  and	  procedures	  and	  we	  are	  conducting	  a	  self-­‐audit	  of	  our	  procedures	  to	  
identify	  any	  vulnerability	  that	  could	  result	  in	  this	  error	  occurring	  again.	  We	  have	  changed	  our	  
practices	  of	  providing	  referral	  forms	  to	  outside	  agencies	  in	  order	  to	  protect	  against	  another	  
inadvertent	  sharing	  of	  private	  information.	  The	  employees	  involved	  will	  receive	  disciplinary	  
sanctions	  consistent	  with	  the	  level	  of	  privacy	  breach	  and	  will	  be	  re-­‐trained	  in	  privacy	  practices.	  
All	  of	  our	  employees	  will	  be	  contacted	  to	  remind	  them	  of	  the	  priorities	  in	  protecting	  health	  
information.	  	  
	  
We	  recommend	  that	  you	  immediately	  take	  the	  following	  steps:	  
	  
Call	  the	  toll-­‐free	  numbers	  of	  anyone	  of	  the	  three	  major	  credit	  bureaus	  (below)	  to	  place	  a	  fraud	  
alert	  on	  your	  credit	  report.	  This	  can	  help	  prevent	  an	  identity	  thief	  from	  opening	  additional	  
accounts	  in	  your	  name.	  As	  soon	  as	  the	  credit	  bureau	  confirms	  your	  fraud	  alert,	  the	  other	  two	  
credit	  bureaus	  will	  automatically	  be	  notified	  to	  place	  alerts	  on	  your	  credit	  report,	  and	  all	  three	  
reports	  will	  be	  sent	  to	  you	  free	  of	  charge.	  
	  
              Equifax:	  1-­‐800-­‐525-­‐6285;	  www.equifax.com;	  P.O.	  Box	  740241,	  Atlanta,	  GA	  30374-­‐0241.	  
              Experian:	  1-­‐888-­‐EXPERIAN	  (397-­‐3742);	  www.experian.com;	  P.O.	  Box	  9532,	  Allen,	  TX	  
           75013.	  
           TransUnion:	  1-­‐800-­‐680-­‐7289;	  www.transunion.com;	  Fraud	  Victim	  Assistance	  Division,	  
           P.O.	  Box	  6790,	  Fullerton,	  CA	  92834-­‐6790.	  
	  
You	  may	  wish	  to	  order	  your	  credit	  reports.	  By	  establishing	  a	  fraud	  alert,	  you	  will	  receive	  a	  
follow-­‐up	  letter	  that	  will	  explain	  how	  you	  can	  receive	  a	  free	  copy	  of	  your	  credit	  report.	  When	  
you	  receive	  your	  credit	  report,	  examine	  it	  closely	  and	  look	  for	  signs	  of	  fraud,	  such	  as	  credit	  
accounts	  that	  are	  not	  yours.	  Notifying	  the	  Credit	  Bureaus	  also	  reduces	  the	  risk	  of	  your	  
information	  being	  used	  by	  an	  identity	  thief.	  	  
	  
Continue	  to	  monitor	  your	  credit	  reports.	  Even	  though	  a	  fraud	  alert	  has	  been	  placed	  on	  your	  
account,	  you	  should	  continue	  to	  monitor	  your	  credit	  reports	  to	  ensure	  an	  imposter	  has	  not	  
opened	  an	  account	  with	  your	  personal	  information.	  
	  
We	  sincerely	  regret	  that	  this	  unintentional	  disclosure	  of	  your	  protected	  health	  information	  has	  
occurred	  and	  wish	  to	  assist	  you	  with	  any	  questions	  you	  may	  have.	  If	  you	  need	  additional	  
information	  or	  wish	  to	  contact	  us	  with	  concerns,	  we	  are	  happy	  to	  speak	  with	  you.	  Please	  
contact	  us	  at:	  
	  
Kelley	  Bryan	  Gin,	  PsyD	   	        	        or	  	   	    Eric	  Kelly,	  MFT	  
Privacy	  Officer	   	           	        	        	         	    Security	  Officer	  
3301	  E.	  12th	  Street,	  Suite	  259	         	         	    3301	  E.	  12th	  Street,	  Suite	  259	  
Oakland	  CA	  94601	            	        	        	         	    Oakland	  CA	  94601	  
Kgin@westcoastcc.org	  	                    	        	         	    Ekelly@westcoastcc.org	  
510-­‐269-­‐9042	   	             	        	        	         	    510-­‐269-­‐9049	  
	  
	  
We	  take	  very	  seriously	  our	  role	  of	  safeguarding	  your	  personal	  information	  and	  using	  it	  in	  an	  
appropriate	  manner.	  We	  apologize	  for	  this	  situation	  and	  are	  taking	  appropriate	  measures	  to	  
prevent	  a	  reoccurrence.	  
	  
Sincerely,	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
	  
Kelley	  Bryan	  Gin,	  PsyD	  
Director	  of	  Clinical	  Services	  /	  Privacy	  Officer	  
