        <Date>



        <Dana Jones>
        <ABC Corporation>
        <100 Main Street>
        <Anytown, Any State Zip>
        <USA>
        IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII




                                                           Important information about your account(s).


        We recently discovered that some of your account information at Windhaven Investment Management,
        Inc. (“Windhaven®”) may potentially have been viewed by an unauthorized person or persons. While we
        have no indication that your account information was accessed or used inappropriately, we want you to be
        aware of the incident.

        We sincerely apologize for this incident and want to let you know what steps we’re taking as a result, plus
        outline some steps we recommend you take to protect yourself.

        What happened.
        Windhaven recently discovered evidence of an unauthorized intrusion on a web server maintained by a
        third-party vendor that we hired. The intruder may have been able to use this web server to access a
        database that contained your name, account number, custodian, and investment positions for your
        Windhaven account(s) only. Please note that the database did not include your Social Security number,
        date of birth or information about any other accounts. We learned of this intrusion in August 2013,
        although any potential access to your account information may have occurred months earlier. While we
        have not detected any specific indication that your information was accessed, we are informing you of this
        incident as a precautionary measure.

        What steps we’re taking.
        Windhaven has permanently disconnected the affected web server and database, disabling any potential
        access to your information. We are also conducting a thorough review of the incident in order to improve
        the security of confidential information in our possession.

        As a further precaution, our affiliate, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”), the custodian of your
        account(s), has added additional security measures to your account(s) with the goal of preventing
        unauthorized activity. If you suspect that unauthorized activity has occurred, please call Schwab right
        away at                    . If you work with an independent investment advisor other than Windhaven with
        respect to this account(s), your advisor has been notified of this incident.

        In addition, we’ve reported the intrusion to law enforcement officials and will cooperate fully with any
        related investigations. This notification was not delayed by a law enforcement investigation.

                                                                                                                                  (Over)

                                  Windhaven Investment Management, Inc.   One International Place, 33rd Floor, Boston, MA 02110
<9101686085>
        We’re also offering you a complimentary one-year credit monitoring subscription from Equifax.
        To subscribe, please see the enclosed information sheet and use this unique promotion code:
                        .

        Security precautions provided by Schwab.
        We’d also like to inform you of security precautions available to you through our affiliate, Schwab:

        SchwabSafe®
        SchwabSafe is a collection of security measures designed to keep your personal and financial information
        safe online. To learn more about how Schwab protects your account information, visit www.schwab.com/
        schwabsafe.

        Additional security options for your account(s)
        Schwab can provide you with a Schwab.com security token free of charge for all current accounts.
        Security tokens provide an additional layer of authentication for clients when logging in to Schwab.com-
        enabled channels.

        Schwab can also place a verbal password on your account(s). If you choose to have a verbal password,
        you will be required to provide it whenever you contact Schwab by phone.

        To request a security token or place a verbal password on your account(s), please call Schwab at


        We also recommend you consider taking the protective steps we describe on the following page.

        We take the security of your information very seriously and, again, I sincerely apologize for any
        inconvenience this incident may cause. If you have questions or concerns about this incident, please
        feel free to call Schwab anytime at

        Sincerely,




        Windhaven Investment Management, Inc.




<9101686085>
        Steps we recommend you consider taking to further protect your personal information:

               •	 Review your recent and future account statements carefully to ensure all transactions are authorized.

               •	 Check your credit report regularly. You can order a free annual credit report by going to
                  www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling the Annual Credit Report Request Service at
                  1-877-322-8228.

               •	 If at any time you believe you have been the victim of identity theft, you may wish to contact the
                  three major credit reporting agencies and place a free “Fraud Alert” or “Security Freeze” in your
                  credit file. Contact information for these credit reporting agencies is listed at the end of this letter.
                  A fraud alert or security freeze notifies potential lenders to verify your identification before extend-
                  ing credit in your name. You may also wish to report any suspected identity theft to local law
                  enforcement.

               •	 To learn more about protecting yourself from identity theft and to obtain further information about
                  a fraud alert or security freeze, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/bcp/
                  edu/microsites/idtheft, call the FTC toll-free at 1-877-ID-THEFT (1-877-438-4338) or contact the
                  FTC at Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW,
                  Washington, DC 20580.

        Contact Information for Credit Reporting Agencies:

          Equifax                                       Experian                                     TransUnion
          1-877-478-7625                                1-888-397-3742                               1-888-909-8872
          P.O. Box 740241                               P.O. Box 2002                                P.O. Box 6790
          Atlanta, GA 30374                             Allen, TX 75013                              Fullerton, CA 92834
          www.equifax.com                               www.experian.com                             www.transunion.com




        Other Important Information
        For Iowa Residents: You may also report suspected incidents of identity theft to local law enforcement or the Office of the Iowa
        Attorney General, 1305 E. Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA 50319, 515-281-5164, http://www.iowaattorneygeneral.org.
        For Maryland Residents: To obtain more information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft, you may contact the Office of
        the Maryland Attorney General, 200 St. Paul Place, Baltimore, MD 21202, 1-888-743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us/contact.htm, or
        the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/
        bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.
        For Massachusetts Residents: Massachusetts law requires that we notify you that you may also place a security freeze on your
        credit report to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your credit report without your consent, by sending a written
        request to each of the national credit reporting agencies listed above. In order to request a security freeze, you will need to provide
        the following: (1) your full name; (2) your Social Security number and date of birth; (3) proof of your current address, such as a util-
        ity or phone bill, as well as a list of your addresses from the prior five years; (4) a legible photocopy of a government-issued identi-
        fication card; (5) if you have been a victim of identity theft, a copy of any police report, complaint, or other investigative report you
        may have filed with local law enforcement; and (6) if you are not a victim of identity theft, payment by check, money order, or credit
        card. Do not send cash. The credit reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5 each to place, temporarily lift, or remove a
        freeze. To lift or remove a freeze, you must send a written request in accordance with the requirements of each credit reporting
        agency. Please be aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely
        approval of any requests you make for credit, loans, employment, housing, or other services. For more information regarding credit
        freezes, please contact the credit reporting agencies directly. Under Massachusetts law, you also have the right to request from
        Windhaven a copy of any police report filed in connection with this incident.
        For North Carolina Residents: To obtain more information about steps you can take to avoid identity theft, you may contact the
        North Carolina Attorney General’s Office, 9001 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, 1-877-5-NO-SCAM (1-877-566-7226),
        www.ncdoj.gov/ or the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20580,
        1-877-ID-THEFT (1 877-438-4338), www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.
        For Oregon Residents: You may also report suspected incidents of identity theft to the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer
        Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, DC 20580, www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/business/data.shtm.
        Independent investment advisors are not owned by, affiliated with, or supervised by Windhaven Investment Management, Inc. or
        Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
        Windhaven Investment Management, Inc. and Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. are separate but affiliated companies and subsidiaries
        of The Charles Schwab Corporation.



        ©2013 Windhaven Investment Management, Inc.  All rights reserved.  CS20041-01  ALC76606-00 (09/13)

<9101686085>
