January 23, 2014


T1 Postal Endorsement
Full Name
Mailing Address
City ST Zip
FDTDDFFTDFAFTTDFDTDDDDFTTTTFDAFFADTDATTDAFDFFADADDTFFTATATTAFAAFA

Dear Full Name,

The purpose of this letter is to notify you of a breach of some personal information that
you disclosed to the Emery Team at W.J. Bradley Mortgage Capital, LLC (“WJB”) in
connection with a loan transaction. W hile this personal information was taken from
WJB’s computer systems, we believe that it has been contained, that WJB has retrieved
the information, and that such information was scrubbed from the offending parties’
systems.

During late July and early August 2013, three of WJB’s former loan officers and one
assistant, Shelly Logemann, Megan Doonan, Josh Lemos, and Gabby Doyon (the
“Logemann Group”), in concert with another mortgage company, RPM Mortgage, Inc.
(“RPM”) took files from WJB’s computer systems, including some of your personal data
while they were still employed with WJB. Specifically, information relating to your
income, marital status, and loan information was removed from WJB’s systems and
uploaded onto RPM’s internal computer systems. At this time, it is unclear whether or
not RPM used this information, but WJB has not uncovered evidence that the information
was disseminated to the public at large.

After discovering the Logemann Group and RPM’s breach, WJB obtained a court order
requiring the return of all private customer information to WJB, prohibiting the
defendants from sending that information to others, and requiring that the defendants
destroy all copies of the information in their possession. WJB was only recently able to
confirm that your personal data was involved in this concerning incident.

WJB will provide you with a identity theft protection service related to fraud alert on
your behalf. A fraud alert will notify you that someone may be using your information
improperly. Please contact us if you would like to accept this offer.
Even if you do not find any suspicious activity on your initial credit reports, the United
States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recommends that you check your credit reports
periodically. Checking your credit reports can help you spot problems and address them
quickly. You may obtain your credit reports by contacting one of the following credit
bureaus:

Equifax:

P.O. Box 740241
Atlanta, GA 30374
1-800-525-6285

Experian:

P.O. Box 9530
Allen, TX 75013
1-888-397-3742

Trans Union:

P.O. Box 6790
Fullerton, CA 92834
1-800-680-7289

You can find more information relating to the prevention of identity theft as well as
preventing misuse of your personal information on the World Wide Web at:
http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/ and www.privacy.ca.gov.

On behalf of WJB, I want to sincerely express our apologies for this disclosure that
occurred and to let you know that we have taken immediate steps to prevent such issues
in the future.

If you have any questions regarding this matter, or to be signed up for the credit
protection service offered above, please do not hesitate to contact W.J. Bradley Mortgage
Capital, LLC’s Consumer Affairs Department at 720-590-6221 or email:
CSI@WJBRADLEY.com.


                                                    Sincerely,



                                                    Consumer Affairs
