<<COMPANY LETTERHEAD>>

<<DATE>>

<<Name>>
<<Address1>>
<<Address2>>
<<City>><<State>><<Zip>>

Dear <<Name>>:

At Grainger, we take data privacy and security very seriously. As part of a system review, Grainger’s
IT team recently identified a coding error in the Grainger.com mobile apps for iPhone and Android
that resulted in the collection and storage of unsecured user names and passwords on the Grainger
system. We learned on October 27, 2015 that the information was inadvertently stored in a system file
that was at potential risk of unauthorized access. The issue was immediately fixed, and we continue to
work with outside experts to further strengthen our coding review protocols. Please note that no
payment card information or other personal information were affected by this issue. In addition, we
have not received any reports of ID theft or fraud attributable to this matter.

As a precaution, we have implemented a reset for your password to the Grainger.com system, and of
course, you should always use strong, complex passwords and avoid using the same password on more
than one site or application. If you have questions or require assistance with your password reset,
please call the Grainger System Support Center at 847.647.3275. We have also attached some general
information on security tips and resources that you may find helpful.

We apologize for any inconvenience and we thank you for your partnership and support as we
continue to take more aggressive action to enhance our security protocols and processes.

Sincerely,

<</s/>>

Marty Belle
Vice President of Human Resources
Grainger

Attachment
                                                  TIPS AND RESOURCES

What Can You Do To Help Protect Your Identity?
  Always remain vigilant against threats of ID theft or fraud. Regularly review your bank/credit card statements and
     credit reports for unauthorized withdrawals, charges or other suspicious activity, and immediately report issues to
     your financial institution. If you suspect ID theft or fraud, file a police report and obtain a copy of it.
  Be alert to “phishing” by anyone who acts like a colleague or friend and requests sensitive information over email.
     We will NOT ask you for sensitive information over email.

What Government Agencies Provide Resources?
  U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC): The FTC has helpful information about how to avoid and protect against ID
     theft. Write to: Consumer Response Center, 600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, H-130, Washington, D.C. 20580. Call
     Toll-Free: 1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338); or Visit: http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft
  State Attorney General Offices: You may contact the Attorney General’s office in the state in which you reside for
     more information about preventing and managing ID theft.

How Do I Get A Free Credit Report?
   You may obtain one (1) free copy of your credit report once every 12 months, and may purchase additional copies.
     Call Toll-Free: 1-877-322-8228; or Visit: https://www.annualcreditreport.com; or contact: Equifax, P.O. Box
     740241, Atlanta, GA 30374-0241 (800) 685-1111 (www.equifax.com); Experian P.O. Box 2002, Allen, TX 75013,
     (888) 397-3742 (www.experian.com) TransUnion, P. O. Box 1000, Chester, PA 19022, (800) 888-4213
     (www.transunion.com).

What is a “Fraud Alert”?
  You may have the right to place a fraud alert in your file to alert potential creditors that you may be a victim of
      identity theft. Creditors must then follow certain procedures to protect you. You should know that a fraud alert
      may delay your ability to obtain credit. An “initial fraud alert” stays in your file for at least 90 days. An “extended
      fraud alert” stays in your file for 7 years, and will require an identity theft report, which is usually a filed police
      report. You may place a fraud alert by calling any one of the three national consumer reporting agencies: Equifax:
      1-800-525-6285; Experian: 1-888-397-3742; TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289

What is a “Security Freeze”?
  Certain U.S. state laws allow a security freeze, which prevents credit, loans or services from being approved in your
      name without your consent. A security freeze can interfere with or delay your ability to obtain credit.
  To place a freeze, send a request by mail to each consumer reporting agency (addresses below) with the following
      (for each individual): (1) Full name, middle initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security Number; (3) Date of Birth; (4)
      proof of current address (such as a utility bill or telephone bill) and list of previous addresses for past five years; (5)
      copy of government issued ID card, and (6) copy of police report, investigative report or complaint to law
      enforcement regarding ID theft. You may be charged a fee up to $5.00 to place, lift, and/or remove a freeze, unless
      you are a victim of ID theft or the spouse of a victim, and you have submitted a valid police report relating to the ID
      theft incident to the consumer reporting agency. The consumer reporting agencies have three business days after
      receiving your letter to place a security freeze on your credit report. The credit bureaus must also send written
      confirmation to you within five (5) business days and provide you a unique PIN or password that can be used by
      you to authorize the removal or lifting of the security freeze.
  To lift the security freeze to allow a specific entity or individual access to your credit report, you must call or send a
      written request to the consumer reporting agencies by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and
      SSN) and the PIN number or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze as well as the
      identities of entities or individuals you would like to receive your credit report or the specific period of time you
      want the credit report available. The consumer reporting agencies have three business days after receiving your
      request to lift the security freeze for the identified entities or specified time period.
  To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit bureaus by mail and
      include proper identification (name, address, and SSN) and the PIN number or password provided to you when you
      placed the security freeze. The credit bureaus have three business days after receiving your request to remove the
      freeze. Equifax Security Freeze: P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, Georgia 30348; Experian Security Freeze: P.O. Box
      9554, Allen, TX 75013; TransUnion (Fraud Victim Assistance Division): P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790.
