                                 ZIPRICK & CRAMER, LLP
                                         ATTORNEYS AT LAW
                                         ____________________

                                       707 BROOKSIDE AVENUE
                                       REDLANDS, CA 92373-5101
                                         PHONE: (909) 798-5005



                                        February 27, 2015


Dear Clients,

It is almost a daily occurrence that we read about cyberattacks in the news: the Department of
Defense, Sony Pictures, Anthem Blue Cross, Facebook, Gmail and many others. Until now, we
at Ziprick & Cramer, LLP, have never had any virus or malware get through our various layers
of computer protections. Unfortunately, on or around January 25, 2015, our firm was the victim
of a single cyberattack, by a relatively new variant of a Cryptolocker-type virus (which is a fairly
sophisticated form of ransomware, which is apparently being used by criminals around the
world). It infected one of our workstations (with the virus encrypting data on the workstation),
and then traveled to the in-house server where data was also encrypted on shared folders
(collectively, the “Computer”). Accordingly, we are sending this notification letter to all clients
for whom we had any data on the Computer.

After the cyberattack, we immediately brought in our computer specialist who has worked
extensively with us over these last few weeks to assess the attack, to determine what information
was encrypted, and what additional safeguards can be implemented to provide further defense
against cyberattacks in the future. The infected work station was removed, which was where the
virus program was located. Our specialist contacted our antivirus and malware protection
companies’ experts, providing them details of the cyberattack and consulted with them in
fighting the Cryptolocker-type virus. In summary, our information is that this virus is being used
in attacks globally, and that the consistent pattern of this virus is to encrypt files. The hackers
then demand a ransom and threaten to destroy the data if the ransom is not paid. Our firm did
not and will not pay any such ransom, which would only encourage and fund such criminals in
their illegal activities.

We are advised that the usual pattern for this ransomware virus does not include downloading of
data. While we have discovered no evidence that any downloading of data occurred here, our
goal, if possible, is to get a conclusive opinion from a computer forensics expert whether data
was copied or whether it was simply encrypted.

Because of backups, the parts of our computer system which were not impacted and hard copies
of documents and correspondence, etc., we believe the loss of data is fairly minimal. During
these past weeks, we, with our computer specialist and software protection experts have been
working to assess, recover, and work to prevent such cyberattacks in the future.
We have reported this cyberattack to the FBI, and have promised our full cooperation with them.
Further, our firm is implementing even more layers of protection and safeguards for our
computer system, as we want to best prevent such criminal hackers for any future successful
attacks.

Although we have no evidence that any information was downloaded, we want to also assure you
that any illegal access to information in our computer system does not waive the attorney/client
privilege. That privilege can only be waived by the client.

For notification purposes, the State of California has defined “personal information” as the
following:

      Social Security Number
      Driver’s License or Identification Card Number
      Account Number, Credit or Debit Card Number, but only in combination with any
       required code or password permitting access to an individual’s financial account
      Medical Information, meaning any information regarding an individual’s medical history,
       mental or physical condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a healthcare
       professional.
      Health Insurance Information, meaning an individual’s health insurance policy number or
       subscriber identification number, any unique identifier used by a health insurer to identify
       the individual, or any information in an individuals’ application or claims history,
       including any appeals records.

For the majority of our clients, we did not have any such personal information on the Computer,
and accordingly, for such clients no personal information was impacted by this cyberattack. We
have been in the process of reviewing through the data which was on the Computer to identify
clients for which personal information was impacted. However, in the interests of time, and as
a precautionary safeguard to all of our clients who are individuals (including the individual
owners of our clients which are entities), we are offering you the option to enroll, at no cost
to you, in an online credit monitoring service, My TransUnion Monitoring, for one (1) year.
That service is provided by TransUnion Interactive, a subsidiary of TransUnion, one of the
three nationwide credit reporting companies. To enroll free of charge for the service, please
follow the instructions described on the last page of this letter.

While we have no evidence that data on the Computer was downloaded, we want to provide you
with the following resource information concerning steps that you can take to safeguard against
any possible identity theft.

Social Security Number: Because your Social Security number may have been involved, to be
conservative, we recommend that you place a fraud alert on your credit files. A fraud alert requires
potential creditors to use what the law refers to as “reasonable policies and procedures” to verify


                               Client Notification Letter / February 27, 2015 / Page 2
your identity before issuing credit in your name. A fraud alert lasts for 90 days. To do this, call
one of the three credit reporting agencies at a number below. This will let you automatically place
an alert with all of the agencies. You should receive letters from all three, confirming the fraud
alert and letting you know how to get a free copy of your credit report from each.

     Experian 1-888-397-3742             Equifax 1-800-525-6285                          TransUnion 1-800-680-7289

Each credit bureau also has fraud alert information on the internet:

                            Experian: http://www.experian.com/fraud
                          TransUnion: http://www.transunion.com/fraud
                             Equifax: https://www.alerts.equifax.com
When you receive your credit reports, look them over carefully. Look for accounts you did not
open. Look for inquiries from creditors that you did not initiate. And look for personal information,
such as home address and Social Security number, that is not accurate. If you see anything you do
not understand, call the credit reporting agency at the telephone number on the report.

If you do find suspicious activity on your credit reports, call your local police or Sheriff’s office
and file a police report of identity theft. Get a copy of the police report. You may need to give
copies of the police report to creditors to clear up your records.

Even if you do not find any signs of fraud on your reports, we recommend that you check your
credit reports periodically. You can keep the fraud alert in place by calling again after 90 days.

California Driver’s License or Identification Card Number: We do not routinely have our
clients’ driver’s license or identification card numbers. However, there are certain situations, such
as in litigation matters, where the standard form of Interrogatories asks for the driver’s license
number of the responding party. Accordingly, if you believe you provided your driver’s license
number to our firm, you may call the DMV Fraud Hotline at 1-866-658-5758 to report it. The
Hotline will allow you to put a 30 day “Courtesy Control” on your driver’s license, which blocks
it from access through systems (banks and law enforcement will not be able to verify your license
through their automated systems). At the end of 30 days, DMV will send you a letter asking you
if you would like to extend the Courtesy Control for another year. At the end of 13 months, the
Courtesy Control will automatically drop off your license, or if you want it removed earlier, you
can fax a letter to DMV with the request.

Financial Account Numbers: We do not believe that we had for any of our clients Financial
Account Numbers, in combination with any required code or password permitting access to an
individual’s financial account on the Computer. Further, we do not keep client credit card
information on the Computer.

Medical Information or Health Insurance Information: Our firm rarely, if ever, has any health
insurance related information on clients. As to medical information, we have a relatively small
number of clients which have provided medical information to us.



                               Client Notification Letter / February 27, 2015 / Page 3
However, as a general practice we recommend that you regularly review the explanation of
benefits statement that you receive from your health insurer. If you see any service that you believe
you did not receive, please contact your health insurer at the number on the statement. If you do
not receive regular explanation of benefits statements, contact your provider or plan and request
them to send such statements following the provision of services in your name or number.

Check for any medical bills on your credit reports that you do not recognize. If you find anything
suspicious, call the credit reporting agency at the phone number on the report.

Keep a copy of this notice for your records in case of future problems with your medical records.
You may also want to request a copy of your medical records from your provider or plan to serve
as a baseline.

We also want to provide you with contact information for the website of the California Office of
Privacy Protection (www.privacy.ca.gov) for additional information for California residents for
protection against identity theft.

In the event you have any questions regarding this incident, please contact us at our toll-free
number (877-931-1373) or our regular office number (909-798-5005).

We greatly appreciate each and every one of you, and are sorry for any inconvenience this has
caused. We want to assure you that we take our commitment to diligently represent and protect
our clients’ interests seriously.

Very truly yours,


Robert H. Ziprick                                   William F. Ziprick


Enc.   How to Sign Up for the Free Credit Monitoring Services,
       with personalized Activation Code




                               Client Notification Letter / February 27, 2015 / Page 4
                                 ZIPR1CK & CRAMER, LLP
                                         ATTORNEYS AT LAW


                                       707 BROOKSIDE AVENUE
                                       REDLANDS, CA 92373-5101
                                         PHONE: (909) 798-5005



                   How to Sign Up for the Free Credit Monitoring Services


Complimentary Three-Bureau Credit Monitoring Service
As a safeguard, we are offering you the option to enroll, at no cost to you, in an online credit
monitoring service (My Trans Union Monitoring) for one (1) year which service is provided by
TransUnion Interactive, a subsidiary of TransUnion, one of the three nationwide credit reporting
companies.
To enroll via the internet to this free service, go to the TransUnion Monitoring website at
wwvv.transunionmonitoring.com and in the space referenced as "Activation Code",
enter the following unique 12-letter Activation Code:

                              XXXXXXXXXXXX

Then follow the simple steps to receive your credit monitoring service online within minutes.
If you do not have access to the Internet, please contact our firm and we can arrange for you to
come to our office and sign up over the interne.
You can sign up for the online credit monitoring service anytime between now and June 30,
2015.

Due to privacy laws, we cannot register you directly. Please note that credit monitoring services
might not be available for individuals who do not have a credit file with TransUnion, or an
address in the United States (or its territories) and a valid Social Security number. Enrolling in
this service will not affect your credit score.
Once you are enrolled, you will be able to obtain one year of unlimited access to your
TransUnion credit report and credit score. The daily three,bureau credit monitoring service will
notify you if there are any critical changes to your credit files at TransUnion, Experian and
Equifax, including fraud alerts, new inquiries, new accounts, new public records, late payments,
change of address and more. The service also includes up to $1,000,000 in identity theft
insurance with no deductible. (Policy limitations and exclusions may apply.)
Additional Free Credit Report Information
Under federal law, you are also entitled to one free credit report once every 12 months from each
of the above three major nationwide credit reporting companies (separate from the Transunion
service you may sign up for). Call 1-877-322-8228 or make a request online at
vvww.annualcreditreport.cona.

Security Freeze Information
You can request a "Security Freeze" on your credit file by sending a request in writing, by mail,
to each of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. When a Security Freeze is added to
your credit report, all third parties, such as credit lenders or other companies, whose use is not
exempt under law will not be able to access your credit report without your consent. The
Security Freeze may delay, interfere with or prohibit the timely approval of any subsequent
request or application you make that involves access to your credit report.
This may include, but is not limited to, new loans, credit, mortgages, insurance, rental housing,
employment, investments, licenses, cellular phone service, utility service, digital signature
service, Internet credit card transactions and extension of credit at point of sale. There may be a
fee for placing, temporarily lifting, or removing a Security Freeze with each of the nationwide
consumer reporting companies, although that fee is waived if you send the credit reporting
company proof of eligibility by mailing a copy of a valid identity theft report, or other valid
report from a law enforcement agency to show you are a victim of identity theft and are
eligible for free Security Freeze services.
Please contact each of following credit bureaus to place a Security Freeze on your credit files at
each credit bureau:

       Equifax Security Freeze
       PO Box 105788
       Atlanta, GA 30348
       https://www.freeze.equifax.com
        1-800-685-1111

        TransUnion Security Freeze
        PO Box 2000
        Chester, PA 19022
        http://transunion.com/securityfreeze
        1-888-909-8872

        Experian Security Freeze
        PO Box 9554
        Allen, TX 75013
        http://experian.com/freeze
        1-888-397-3742
