                                   Notice to Our Customers
December 30, 2013

‘wichcraft Operating, LLC recently learned that an unauthorized party gained access to our systems,
compromising the payment card information of certain customers who made purchases at a
‘wichcraft location in New York or San Francisco using a payment card from approximately August
11, 2013 to October 2, 2013. Based on our investigation, the information accessed by the
unauthorized party may have included names, payment card numbers, security codes and expiration
dates. Not all of these data elements were accessed for each affected customer.

After learning of this incident, we quickly took steps to secure the system to help prevent this type
of issue from reoccurring. We are working with law enforcement authorities in their investigation
of the incident and also working closely with the relevant payment card brands to share information
about the incident.

We take our obligation to safeguard your personal information very seriously. We are alerting
affected customers about this incident so they can take steps to help protect their information. You
are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three national credit
bureaus. To order your free credit report, visit http://www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free at
1-877-322-8228. We encourage you to remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and
monitoring your free credit reports. If you believe your payment card may have been affected, we
recommend that you immediately contact your bank or card issuer.

If you have any questions or would like additional information regarding this incident, please call us
toll-free at (866) 942-4272, ext. 6, Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. EST.

At ‘wichcraft, we truly value our customers. As part of our commitment to our customers, we are
taking steps to help prevent this type of incident from occurring in the future. We are very sorry
that this happened.

Sincerely,




Jeffrey Zurofsky
President
