November 24, 2015
                    Message to Our Valued Customers
On behalf of Hilton Worldwide, we sincerely regret any inconvenience related to
our recent announcement that we identified and eradicated unauthorized
malware that targeted payment card information in some point-of-sale systems
at our hotels. You have my personal assurance that we take this matter very
seriously, and we immediately launched an investigation and further
strengthened our systems. However, as a precautionary measure, some of you
may wish to review payment card statements during certain time periods.
You may want to review and monitor your payment card statements if you used
a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide hotel over a seventeen-week period, from
November 18 to December 5, 2014 or April 21 to July 27, 2015. If you notice any
irregular activity on your cards, please contact your financial institution directly
for additional support.
We have worked with third-party forensics experts, law enforcement and
payment card companies to conduct a thorough investigation. As a result of this
investigation, we have determined that the payment card information may have
included cardholder names, payment card numbers, security codes and
expiration dates, but no addresses or personal identification numbers (PINs).
Please refer to these Frequently Asked Questions for additional information, and
click here (beginning noon CST, Nov. 25, 2015) for complimentary one-year
credit monitoring that we are offering. We deeply appreciate your
understanding as we work to protect your payment card information.


Sincerely,
Jim Holthouser
Executive Vice President, Global Brands


Press Release [LINK]
Frequently Asked Questions [LINK]
For Immediate Release – 4:30 pm ET

Contact:
Chris Brooks
hiltonmedia@hilton.com
(571) 395-1474

       Hilton Worldwide Has Identified and Taken Action to Eradicate Malware

McLean, Va., November 24 - Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) has identified and taken action
to eradicate unauthorized malware that targeted payment card information in some point-
of-sale systems. Hilton immediately launched an investigation and has further
strengthened its systems.

Hilton Worldwide worked closely with third-party forensics experts, law enforcement and
payment card companies on this investigation, and determined that specific payment card
information was targeted by this malware. This information includes cardholder names,
payment card numbers, security codes and expiration dates, but no addresses or personal
identification numbers (PINs).

As a precautionary measure, customers may wish to review and monitor their payment
card statements if they used a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide hotel over a seventeen-
week period, from November 18 to December 5, 2014 or April 21 to July 27, 2015.

Customers generally are not responsible for fraudulent activity on their payment cards, and
should contact their financial institution directly if they notice any irregularities. They can
also visit hiltonworldwide.com/guestupdate for more details, including how to receive one
year of complimentary credit monitoring.

Hilton Worldwide is strongly committed to protecting customers’ payment card
information, and we sincerely regret any inconvenience this may have caused customers.

About Hilton Worldwide

Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, spanning the
lodging sector from luxury and full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and
focused-service hotels. For 96 years, Hilton Worldwide has been dedicated to continuing its
tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences. The company's portfolio of twelve
world-class global brands is comprised of more than 4,500 managed, franchised, owned and
leased hotels and timeshare properties, with more than 745,000 rooms in 97 countries and
territories, including Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad
Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio – A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton,
Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Homewood Suites by
Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an
award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton HHonors®. Visit
news.hiltonworldwide.com for more information and connect with Hilton Worldwide at
www.facebook.com/hiltonworldwide, www.twitter.com/hiltonworldwide,
www.youtube.com/hiltonworldwide, www.flickr.com/hiltonworldwide, and
www.linkedin.com/company/hilton-worldwide.
                                             ###
Frequently Asked Questions

   1. What happened?
      Hilton Worldwide has identified and taken action to eradicate unauthorized
      malware that targeted payment card information in some point-of-sale
      systems. Hilton immediately launched an investigation and has further
      strengthened its systems.

   2. What caused these incidents?
      These incidents occurred due to unauthorized malware targeting payment card data
      on computer systems at certain hotels within the Hilton Worldwide portfolio.

   3. What payment card systems were impacted?
      Hilton Worldwide has identified and taken action to eradicate unauthorized
      malware that targeted payment card information in some restaurants, gift shops
      and other point-of-sale systems.

   4. How were the incidents discovered?
      Hilton initially identified the unauthorized malware through its information security
      systems and processes. Hilton Worldwide worked closely with third-party forensics
      experts, law enforcement and payment card companies on this investigation.

   5. How long did the malicious software run?
      The evidence indicates that the malware ran between November 18, 2014 and
      December 5, 2014, and between April 21, 2015 and July 27, 2015.

   6. How many properties are impacted?
      The unauthorized malware targeted payment card information at Hilton Worldwide
      hotels. The Hilton portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels
      & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio – A Collection by Hilton,
      DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by
      Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand
      Vacations.

   7. How many cards are impacted?
      While we cannot address the actual number of cards impacted, as a precautionary
      measure, customers may wish to review and monitor their payment card statements
      if they used a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide hotel over a seventeen week
      period, from November 18 to December 5, 2014 or April 21 to July 27, 2015.

   8. What information was targeted? Was my Hilton HHonors information
      impacted?
      The information impacted includes cardholder names, payment card numbers,
      security codes and expiration dates, but no addresses, personal identification
      numbers (PINs) or Hilton HHonors account information.

   9. Have these incidents been resolved?
      Hilton Worldwide has taken action to eradicate the unauthorized malware. Hilton
      immediately launched an investigation and has further strengthened its systems.
      Hilton Worldwide worked closely with third-party forensics experts, law
   enforcement and payment card companies on this investigation, and determined
   that specific payment card information was targeted by this malware. This
   information includes cardholder names, payment card numbers, security codes and
   expiration dates, but no addresses or personal identification numbers (PINs).

10. Is it safe to use a payment card at Hilton Worldwide hotel?
    Hilton Worldwide has taken action to eradicate the unauthorized malware. Hilton
    Worldwide worked closely with third-party forensics experts, law enforcement and
    payment card companies on this investigation, and determined that specific
    payment card information was targeted by this malware. This information includes
    cardholder names, payment card numbers, security codes and expiration dates, but
    no addresses or personal identification numbers (PINs).

11. If I stay at one of your hotels, will my personal information be safe?
    Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised credit card information
    alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a person’s identity.
    However, as a precautionary measure, customers may wish to review and monitor
    their payment card statements if they used a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide
    hotel over a seventeen-week period, from November 18 to December 5, 2014 or
    April 21 to July 27, 2015. Hilton immediately launched an investigation and has
    further strengthened its systems. Hilton Worldwide worked closely with third-
    party forensics experts, law enforcement and payment card companies on this
    investigation, and determined that specific payment card information was targeted
    by this malware. This information includes cardholder names, payment card
    numbers, security codes and expiration dates, but no addresses or personal
    identification numbers (PINs).

12. How do I know if my credit card has been compromised?
    As a precautionary measure, customers may wish to review and monitor their
    payment card statements if they used a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide hotel
    over a seventeen week period, from November 18 to December 5, 2014 or April 21
    to July 27, 2015.

13. Is my Hilton HHonors cobranded credit card at risk?
    As a precautionary measure, customers may wish to review and monitor their
    payment card statements if they used a payment card at a Hilton Worldwide hotel
    over a seventeen week period, from November 18 to December 5, 2014 or April 21
    to July 27, 2015.

14. What personal information was compromised?
    Hilton Worldwide worked closely with third-party forensics experts, law
    enforcement and payment card companies on this investigation, and determined
    that specific payment card information was targeted by this malware. This
    information includes cardholder names, payment card numbers, security codes and
    expiration dates, but no addresses or personal identification numbers (PINs).

   Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised payment card
   information alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a
   person’s identity. As a precautionary measure, customers may wish to review and
   monitor their payment card statements if they used a payment card at a Hilton
   Worldwide hotel over a seventeen week period, from November 18 to December 5,
   2014 or April 21 to July 27, 2015.

15. Are you offering credit monitoring services?
    Hilton is offering one year of free credit monitoring through AllClear. You may sign
    up online at hiltonworldwide.allclearid.com or by phone by calling 1-855-270-9191
    (U.S. & Canada) and +1 512-201-2188 (outside U.S. & Canada).


16. I am concerned that my credit card will be used for fraudulent charges. What
    should I do?
    There are several steps you can take if you are concerned about fraudulent activity.

   Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised payment card
   information alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a
   person’s identity. As a precautionary measure, you may wish to regularly monitor
   your payment card account to see if there is any fraudulent or suspicious activity.
   You can do this through online, email or text alerts from your bank or financial
   institution. If there is any unauthorized activity, you may want to consider calling
   the bank or financial institution that issued the card in order to report the issue.

   Additionally, you may consider placing a fraud alert on your credit reports to help
   mitigate potential issues. To do this, you will need to contact one of the three U.S.
   credit reporting agencies or AllClear’s International Service line.

   For U.S. Customers:
   Equifax: 1-800-525-6285
   Experian: 1-888-397-3742
   TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289

   For Customers Outside the U.S.:
   AllClear: +1 512-201-2188


17. Can someone steal my identity with a stolen credit card number?
    Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised credit card information
    alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a person’s identity.
    However, it never hurts to check your credit report.

18. Will I be liable for any fraudulent charges on my card?
    If you identify any irregular activity on your card, you many want to consider
    contacting the bank or financial institution that issued the card in order to report
    the issue directly. Your bank or financial institution will be able to provide
    information about their policy with respect to fraudulent charges.

19. Should I check my credit report?
   Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised payment card
   information alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a
   person’s identity. However, it is always a good idea to check your credit report
   regularly.

   Hilton is offering one year of free credit monitoring through AllClear. You may sign
   up online at hiltonworldwide.allclearid.com or by phone by calling 1-855-270-9191
   (U.S. & Canada) and +1 512-201-2188 (outside U.S. & Canada).


20. Do I have to pay for the credit report?
    You can order a credit report for free from all three credit bureaus once a year. You
    can do this online at www.annualcreditreport.com, or by phone at 1-877-322-8228.

21. Should I place a fraud alert on my credit report? How can I do that?
    Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised payment card
    information alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a
    person’s identity. However, you may wish to place a fraud alert on your credit
    report. This fraud alert statement informs creditors to possible fraudulent activity
    within your report and requests that the creditor contact you prior to establishing
    any accounts in your name. To place a fraud alert on your credit report, call any one
    of the three credit bureaus at the numbers provided below and follow the “Fraud
    Victim” instructions. The one you call will notify the others to place the alert. When
    you call the credit bureau fraud line, you will be asked for identifying information
    and will be given the opportunity to enter a phone number for creditors to call. You
    may want to make this your cell phone number for convenience in responding to
    such calls.

   For U.S. Customers:
   Equifax: 1-800-525-6285
   Experian: 1-888-397-3742
   TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289

   For Customers Outside the U.S.:
   AllClear: +1 512-201-2188


22. What should I do if I am concerned about identity theft?
    Based on discussions with industry experts, compromised payment card
    information alone generally is not used to open new lines of credit or steal a
    person’s identity. However, it is always a good idea to regularly review statements
    from your accounts if you are concerned about identity theft periodically obtain
    your credit report from one or more of the national credit reporting companies. You
    may obtain a free copy of your credit report online at www.annualcreditreport.com,
    by calling toll-free 1- 877-322-8228, or by mailing an Annual Credit Report Request
    Form (available at www.annualcreditreport.com) to:

   Annual Credit Report Request Service
   P.O. Box 105281
   Atlanta, GA, 30348-5281.
You may also purchase a copy of your credit report by contacting one or more of the
three national credit reporting agencies listed below.

It is a good idea to regularly review your account statements and credit reports, and
promptly report any suspicious activity or suspected identity theft to the proper law
enforcement authorities, including local law enforcement, your state’s attorney
general, and/or the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). Based on discussions with
industry experts, compromised credit card information alone, generally is not used
to open new lines of credit or steal a person’s identity. However, you may contact
the FTC or your state’s regulatory authority to obtain additional information about
avoiding and protecting against identity theft:

Federal Trade Commission,
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
http://www.ftc.gov/idtheft

For residents of Maryland: You may also obtain information about preventing and
avoiding identity theft from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General:
Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
1-888-743-0023
http://www.oag.state.md.us

For residents of North Carolina: You may also obtain information about preventing
and avoiding identity theft from North Carolina Attorney General’s Office:
North Carolina Attorney General’s Office
Consumer Protection Division
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
1-877-5-NO-SCAM
http://www.ncdoj.gov

Fraud Alerts: There are also two types of fraud alerts that you can place on your
credit report to put your creditors on notice that you may be a victim of fraud: an
initial alert and an extended alert. You may ask that an initial fraud alert be placed
on your credit report if you suspect you have been, or are about to be, a victim of
identity theft. An initial fraud alert stays on your credit report for at least 90 days.
You may have an extended alert placed on your credit report if you have already
been a victim of identity theft with the appropriate documentary proof. An extended
fraud alert stays on your credit report for seven years. You can place a fraud alert on
your credit report by contacting any of the three national credit reporting agencies
at the addresses or toll-free numbers below.

Credit Freezes: You may have the right to put a credit freeze, also known as a
security freeze, on your credit file, so that no new credit can be opened in your name
without the use of a PIN number that is issued to you when you initiate a freeze. A
credit freeze is designed to prevent potential credit grantors from accessing your
credit report without your consent. If you place a credit freeze, potential creditors
and other third parties will not be able to get access to your credit report unless you
temporarily lift the freeze. Therefore, using a credit freeze may delay your ability to
obtain credit. In addition, you may incur fees to place, lift and/or remove a credit
freeze. Credit freeze laws vary from state to state. The cost of placing, temporarily
lifting, and removing a credit freeze also varies by state, generally $5 to $20 per
action at each credit reporting company. Unlike a fraud alert, you must separately
place a credit freeze on your credit file at each credit reporting company. Since the
instructions for how to establish a credit freeze differ from state to state, please
contact the three major credit reporting companies as specified below to find out
more information.

Additional Information for Massachusetts Residents: Massachusetts law gives you
the right to place a security freeze on your consumer reports. The credit reporting
company may charge a reasonable fee of up to $5 to place a freeze or lift or remove a
freeze, unless you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity
theft, and have submitted a valid police report relating to the identity theft to the
credit reporting company. (By law, you have a right to obtain a police report relating
to this incident, and if you are the victim of identity theft, you also have the right to
file a police report and obtain a copy of it.) You may request that a freeze be placed
on your credit report by sending a request to a credit reporting agency by certified
mail, overnight mail or regular stamped mail to the address below. The following
information is normally included when requesting a security freeze (documentation
for you and your spouse must be submitted when freezing a spouse’s credit report):
full name, with middle initial and any suffixes; Social Security number, date of birth
(month, day and year); current address and previous addresses for the past five (5)
years; and applicable fee (if any) or incident report or complaint with a law
enforcement agency or the Department of Motor Vehicles. The request normally
also includes a copy of a government-issued identification card, such as a driver’s
license, state or military ID card, and a copy of a utility bill, bank or insurance
statement. It is recommended that each copy be legible, display your name and
current mailing address, and the date of issue (statement dates must be recent).

Major Credit Reporting Agencies:

For US Customers:
Equifax (www.equifax.com)
P.O. Box 105851
Atlanta, GA 30348 800-685-1111
Equifax Fraud Alerts:
P.O. Box 105069
Atlanta, GA 30348
Equifax Credit Freezes:
P.O. Box 105788, Atlanta, GA 30348

Experian (www.experian.com)
P.O. Box 2002
Allen, TX 75013
   888-397-3742
   Experian Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes:
   P.O. Box 9554, Allen, TX 75013

   TransUnion (www.transunion.com) P.O. Box 105281
   Atlanta, GA 30348
   877-322-8228
   TransUnion Fraud Alerts and Security Freezes:
   P.O. Box 2000, Chester, PA 19022
   888-909-8872

   For Customers Outside the U.S.:
   AllClear: +1 512-201-2188


23. Where can I find more information?
    Please continue to check this website for updates.
