 

                                      September 18, 2015

VIA EMAIL SUBMISSION

Attorney General's Office
State of Washington
Attn: Bob Ferguson
1125 Washington Street SE
PO Box 40100
Olympia, WA 98504-0100

Re: Breach of Security of Personal Health Information



Dear Mr. Ferguson,

This is to notify you of a breach of personal information pertaining to an incident involving the
suspected unauthorized access or disclosure of personal information pertaining to Molina
Healthcare of Washington, Inc. (“Molina”) Medicare members. The following provides a
synopsis of the breach:

On July 20, 2015, CVS, the third party vendor that administers the Over the Counter, “OTC”
benefit on behalf of Molina, reported an incident to Molina that affected a total of 7,767 Molina
Medicare members in Washington. In connection with their investigation of potential fraud by a
former employee of CVS, local law enforcement performed a search of the former CVS
employee’s home and discovered that the former employee impermissibly transferred personal
information from CVS’ computer systems and stored it on his personal computer. This occurred
on or about March 26, 2015. The PHI was removed from CVS’ systems by its former employee
in violation of CVS’ policies. Upon learning of this incident, CVS took prompt action to
investigate this issue. Upon learning of the breach from CVS on July 20, 2015, Molina took
immediate action to work with CVS to investigate the breach and correct the problem.
 
The Molina member information involved in the breach included the following: Full Name; CVS
ID; CVS ExtraCare Health Card Number; Member ID; Rx Plan Number; Rx Plan State; Start
Date; and End Date. CVS has not detected any fraud with respect to any of the affected Molina
Medicare members in Washington.

Molina is working with CVS to prevent similar breaches from occurring in the future. CVS has
implemented a proactive remediation and mitigation plan which Molina has reviewed and is
monitoring with CVS to ensure its implementation.
200 Oceangate Ste. 100
Long Beach, CA 90801
Attn: Membership Accounting


September 17, 2015
                                                               First Class Mail
                                                               CONFIDENTIAL
<MEMBER NAME>
<ADDRESS>
<CITY, STATE, ZIP>


Dear <MEMBER NAME>,

This is to let you know that CVS, Molina Healthcare’s Over-the-Counter (OTC) benefits vendor, told us
on 7/20/15 about a breach of your protected health information (PHI). This is to tell you about this
incident and what you can do to protect yourself from potential harm.

On or about 3/26/15, a former CVS employee took PHI from CVS’ computers and sent it to his personal
computer. CVS believes he did this to fraudulently obtain OTC products from CVS. Upon learning of
this incident, CVS took prompt action to investigate this issue. No fraudulent use of your PHI has been
found. The PHI involved in the breach is as follows: Full Name; CVS ID; CVS ExtraCare Health Card
Number; Member ID; Rx Plan Number; Rx Plan State; Start Date; and End Date.

This may put you at risk for identity theft. We think you should place a fraud alert on your credit file. A
fraud alert tells creditors to call you before opening any new accounts. You can call any one of the
agencies below to have a fraud alert placed on your file. A fraud alert lasts for 90 days. You can also get
a free credit report from each agency.

       Equifax                           Experian                         TransUnion
       1-800-525-6285                    1-888-397-3742                   1-800-680-7289

       TTY/TDD Users:                    TTY/TDD Users: 711               TTY/TDD Users:
       1-866-478-0030                                                     877-553-7803

Look at your reports when you get them. Look for accounts you do not remember opening. Look for
requests from creditors that you do not know about. Check for any medical bills that you do not know
about. Look at all your personal information. Make sure it is correct. Call the credit agency if you have
any questions about your report.

If there is something wrong with your report, call your local police or sheriff’s office. File an identity
theft report. Get a copy of this report. You may need to give a copy to other creditors. This will help
clear your records.

If your credit report is OK, you should still check your credit. Check your credit report every three
months for the next year. Call one of the numbers above to get your report.
Keep a copy of this letter for your records. It can help if you have future problems with your medical
records. You may want to ask for a copy of your medical records from your healthcare providers. It is
good to have a copy that you can look at in case you ever have problems. You can also get a copy of your
claims or other PHI held by Molina Medicare Options Plus HMO SNP (Molina Healthcare). To get it
please call our Member Services department at the toll-free number listed below.

Molina Healthcare regrets this problem. CVS is replacing CVS ExtraCare Health Cards for affected
individuals who are current Molina Healthcare members with an OTC benefit, unless your CVS
ExtraCare Health Card was already replaced due to a change in your benefits plan. To further help
protect your identity, we are offering you a free one-year membership of identity theft protection.

To learn more about subscribing for identity protection, please feel free to contact CVS Customer
Service at (888) 217-5370. To help stop more breaches we are working with CVS to even better secure
your data and to ensure this does not happen again.

If there is more Molina Healthcare can do to help you, please call our Member Services Department at
(800) 665-3086, 7 days a week, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM local time, (TTY 711).

Sincerely,


Molina Healthcare
Member Services Department




Molina Medicare Options Plus HMO SNP is a Health Plan with a Medicare Contract and a contract with
the state Medicaid program. Enrollment in Molina Medicare Options Plus depends on contract renewal.
This information is available in other formats, such as Braille, large print, and audio.

This information is available for free in other languages. Please call our customer service number at
(800) 665-3086, TTY 711, 7 days a week, 8 a.m. - 8 p.m., local time. Esta informacin estÆ disponible
gratuitamente en otros idiomas. Por favor, comunquese a nuestro nœmero de telØfono para servicio al
cliente al (800) 665-3086,TTY 711, los 7 das de la semana , de 8:00 a.m. a 8:00 p.m., hora local.

This information is not a complete description of benefits. Contact the plan for more information.
Limitations, copayments, and restrictions may apply. Benefits, premiums and/or co-payments/co-
insurance may change on January 1 of each year.




NSR_16_MMG_253_LRAHCBreachNoticeA
