     RECEIVED                                                                                         RE                :VED
7015 CCT 16 flfr 816
                                     kkk WILSON                                                            OM .19 Y.015
 ATTORNEY GENERAL
STATE OF WASHINGTON                                                                          CONSUMER r,-1C,i7-11:‘,11
                                                                                                                     ,0!.! DIVISION
    GSE/OLYMPIA



                                                                                                      Melissa K. Ventrone
        October 9,2015                                                                                312.821.6105 (direct)
                                                                                                    312.485.0540 (mobile)
                                                                                         Mebssa.Ventrone(0;wilsonclser.com




        Attorney General Bob Ferguson
        Office of the Attorney General
        1125 Washington Street SE
        PO Box 40100
        Olympia, WA 98504-0100

        Re: Data Security Incident

        Dear Attorney General Ferguson:

        We represent Peggy Olson ("Ms. Olson"), who operates an accounting practice in Cavalier, ND,
        specializing in income tax preparation, with respect to a recent security incident involving the potential
        exposure of certain personally identifiable information described in more detail below. Notification has
        been provided to impacted individuals.

        I, Nature of security incident.

        On September 2, 2015, a virus infected Ms. Olson's computer and an unauthorized individual may have
        gained access to her computer for a limited period of time less than one hour. As soon as the intruder
        access was discovered, Ms. Olson secured the computer and began an investigation to discover whether
        any information on the computer was accessed by the unauthorized individual. While the investigation is
        ongoing, it appears that client information including names, addresses, and Social Security numbers may
        have been at risk during this short period of time.

        2. Numbet of Washing-ton reidents affected.

        It appears twenty-six (26) Washington residents were affected by the security incident. Notification
        letters to these individuals were mailed on October 9, 2015 via first class mail. A copy of the notification
        letter is included with this letter. Notification is also being provided to the credit reporting agencies.

        3. Steps you have taken or plan to take relating to the incident.

        Ms. Olson contacted law enforcement to report the incident. Additionally, Ms. Olson has taken steps to
        prevent this type or event from happening again, including replacing the impacted computer with a new




                                                     wilsonelsencom
        1934435v. 1
‘A,   WI LSON

      computer, encrypting the hard drive, updating the virus software, and adding malware detection software
      to ensure the security and privacy of client files.

      Ms. Olson is also offering potentially impacted individuals credit monitoring and identity protection
      services at no cost to the individual through Kroll.

      4. Contact information,

      Ms. Olson remains dedicated to the protection of the information in her systems. If you have any
      questions or need additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me at
      Melissa.Ventrone@wilsonelser.com or (312) 821-6105.

                                                 Very truly yours,

                                          A• -Moskowitz Edelman 84 Dicker LLP
                                AVilson Else




                                               Melissa K. Ventrone



      Enclosure




      1934435v.1
Peggy E. Olson, CPA


                                    •• ineri„ a iitNi                                                       :Choirn                1tri



                    iatt,>>        oito




Dear :Mnmher-FirstNaine:i. «Mombert.astNarne ,
i am writing to inform you of a recent security incident that might have resulted in the disclosure of your personal information,
including your name and Social Security number. I take the security of your personal information very seriously, and sincerely
apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. This letter contains information about steps you can take to protect
your information, and resources I am making available to help you.
On September 2, 2015, a virus infected my computer and an unauthorized individual may have gained access to my computer
for a limited period of time - less than one hour. While your information was stored in a file on my computer and I think it
highly unlikely that the unauthorized individual accessed your information, I wanted to let you know about this event out of an
abundance of caution. The file may have contained your name, address, and Social Security number.
Although I am not aware that any of the data has been misused in any way, as an added precaution, I have secured the
services of Kroll to provide identity theft protection at no cost to you for one year. Your identity theft protection services
include Credit Monitoring and Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration. Additional information describing your services
is included with this letter.

     Visit krollidMonitoringService.com and follow the online instructions to take advantage of your
     Identity Theft Protection Services.
     Membership Number: <<Merober ID>>.
I encourage you to take advantage of these services. If you have any questions, please call 1-877-451-9364, Monday
through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central Time, (Closed on U.S. observed holidays)

I want to assure you that I have implemented a number of steps to increase the protection of your information. This
includes replacing my computer that was compromised and working with IT specialists to further protect your information.

I deeply regret any inconvenience or concern that this matter may cause you, and remain dedicated to protecting your
information.
Sincerely,

Rart      ,,,(st.

Peggy E. Olson




krollidivIonitoringService.com is only compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.
To receive credit services, you must be over the age 0118 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number in your name,
and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file. To receive credit services by mail instead of online, please call 1-877451-9364.
                                                                                                                                            A:10W021015
U.S. State Notification Requirements
For residents of Hawaii, Michigan, Missouri, Virginia, Vermont, and North Carolina:
It is recommended by state law that you remain vigilant for incidents of fraud and identity theft by reviewing credit card
account statements and monitoring your credit report for unauthorized activity.
For residents of Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, and West Virginia:
It is required by state laws to inform you that you may obtain a copy of your credit report, free of charge, whether or not you
suspect any unauthorized activity on your account. You may obtain a free copy of your credit report by contacting any one
or more of the following national consumer reporting agencies:
Equifax                              Experian                        TransUnion
P.O. Box 740241                      P.O. Box 2104                  P.O. Box 6790
Atlanta, Georgia 30374               Allen, TX 75013                Fullerton, CA 92834
1-800-685-1111                       1-888-397-3742                 1-800-916-8800
www.equifax.com                      www.experian.com                www.transunion,com

For residents of Iowa:
State law advises you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement or to the Attorney General.
For residents of Oregon:
State laws advise you to report any suspected identity theft to law enforcement; as well as; the Federal Trade Commission.
For residents of Maryland, Illinois, and North Carolina:
You can obtain information from the Maryland and North Carolina Offices of the Attorneys General and the Federal Trade
Commission about fraud alerts, security freezes, and steps you can take toward preventing identity theft,
Maryland Office of the                 North Carolina Office of the            Federal Trade Commission
Attorney General                       Attorney General                        Consumer Response Center
Consumer Protection Division           Consumer Protection Division            600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
200 St, Paul Place                     9001 Mail Service Center                Washington, DC 20580
Baltimore, MD 21202                    Raleigh, NC 27699-9001                  1-877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
1-888-743-0023                         1-877-566-7226                          www.fic.gov/bcp/edu/rnicrosites/idtheft
www.oag.state.md.us                    www.ncdoj,com
For residents of Massachusetts:
It is required by state law that you are informed of your right to obtain a police report if you are a victim of identity theft.
For residents of all states:
Fraud Alerts: You can place fraud alerts with the three credit bureaus at one of the three major credit bureaus by phone and
also via Experian's or Equifax's website, A fraud alert tells creditors to follow certain procedures, including contacting you,
before they open any new accounts or change your existing accounts. For that reason, placing a fraud alert can protect you,
but also may delay you when you seek to obtain credit. The contact information for all three credit bureaus is below:
Monitoring: You should always remain vigilant and monitor your accounts for suspicious or unusual activity.
Security Freeze: You also have the right to place a security freeze on your credit report. A security freeze is intended to
prevent credit, loans and services from being approved in your name without your consent. To place a security freeze on
your credit report, you need to send a request to each consumer reporting agency by certified mail, overnight mail, or
regular stamped mail. The following information must be.incloded when requestin3 sect,rity, freeze (note that if you are
requesting a credit report for your spouse, this information must be provided for him/her as well): (1) full name, with middle
initial and any suffixes; (2) Social Security number; (3) date of birth; (4) current address and any previous addresses for the
past five years; and (5) any applicable incident report or complaint with a law enforcement agency or the Registry of Motor
Vehicles. The request must also include a copy of a government-issued identification card and a copy of a recent utility bill
or bank or insurance statement. It is essential that each copy be legible, display your name and current mailing address,
and the date of issue. The consumer reporting agency may charge a fee of up to $5.00 to place a freeze or lift or remove
a freeze, but is free if you are a victim of identity theft or the spouse of a victim of identity theft, and you have submitted
a valid police report relating to the identity theft incident to the consumer reporting. You may obtain a security freeze by
contacting any one or more of the following national consumer reporting agencies:
Equifax Security Freeze              Experian Security Freeze            TransUnion
P.O. Box 105788                      P.O. Box 9554                       P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, Georgia 30348               Allen, TX 75013                     Chester, PA 19022-2000
www.equifax.com                      wwvv.experian,com                   www,transunion,com
More information can also be obtained by contacting the Federal Trade Commission listed above.
                                                                                                                                  Kroll,

Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services
You've been provided with access to services from Kroll, a global leader in risk mitigation. Over the past 14 years,
Kroll has provided data breach response services for cases impacting more than 100 million individuals including
personal consultation to more than 180,000 consumers and worked some 8,000 confirmed identity theft cases.
When you need assistance, rest assured that your services are backed by an expert team who can answer any
question you may have.

The following services are included in your Credit Monitoring package:

                                     Kroll employs a team of experienced licensed investigators to provide you with expert,
                                     one-on-one assistance:
                                     Consultation: You have unlimited access to consultation with addicated licensed
                                     investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection,
                                     explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
                                     interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating
                                     suspicious activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.
   ; CONSULTATION AND
   It RESTORATION SERVICES 1
                                     Restoration: Kroll's restoration services are the most comprehensive of any provider.
                                     Should you become a victim of identity theft, a dedicated licensed investigator can work
                                     on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does more than shoulder the
                                     bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects of the theft, and then
                                     work with creditors, collection agencies, utilities, government entities, and more ...
                                     to resolve it.

                                     Credit Monitoring: Credit monitoring can be a key tool in detecting early warning signs
                                     of identity theft. You'll receive alerts when there are changes to your credit data—for
                                     instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name. If you do not recognize
                                     the activity, you'll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help you determine
                                     if it's an indicator of identity theft. You'll also receive "no activity" notices if there have
                                     been no changes to your data.




                         How to Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services


           Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com                                          Help is only a phone call away.
   and follow the online instructions to take advantage                   If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a
         of your identity theft protection services.                   victim of identity theft, call Kroll at the toll-free number provided in
   You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll's        the accompanying letter, and ask to speak with an investigator.
identity protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide    Take advantage of this no-cost opportunity and let the experts at
  the membership number included with the accompanying letter.          Kroll help you assess your situation and safeguard your identity.
