                                     F' :OElVE
HUNTON."                          SEP 28      F 103
                                                                   HUNTON & WILLIAMS LLP
                                                                   200 PARK AVENUE

WHIJ"S                            TO'E'i' GJR,&L
                                                                   NEW YORK, NY 10166-0005


                                                  IGTON            TEL 212-309-1000
                                                                   FAX 2I2309• 1100



                                                                   LISA J. SOTTO
                                                                   DIRECT DIAL: 212309 • 1223
                                                                   EMAIL: lsotto@hunton.com

September 22, 2015                      y 441                      FILE NO:



Office of the Attorney General                  297015
1125 Washington St. SE
P0 Box 40100
Olympia, WA 98504-0100

To Whom It May Concern:

In accordance with R.C.W. 19.255.010, I am writing to notify you regarding the nature and
circumstances of a recent data security incident.

Rite Aid Corporation ("Rite Aid") recently learned that PNI Digital Media ("PNI"), the third-
party service provider that manages and hosts mywayphotos.riteaid.com, experienced a data
security issue that impacted certain online and mobile photo account customer data. Based on
PNI' s investigation, Rite Aid understands that malware placed on PNI's servers may have
enabled an unauthorized party to obtain certain customer information between August 20, 2014
and July 14, 2015. The personal information that may have been compromised as a result of this
incident includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and payment card
information (including card number, security code and expiration date) of some Rite Aid
customers who made purchases on mywayphotos.riteaid.com during the relevant time period.
There is no indication that this issue impacted any passwords for logging into the Rite Aid photo
site or photographic images that were uploaded to the site. Promptly after becoming aware of
this issue, Rite Aid shut down access to its online and mobile photo services. Based on the
investigation, we have no evidence at this time that any of Rite Aid's customers' information has
been misused as a result of this incident. Nevertheless, Rite Aid has arranged to provide affected
individuals with one year of identity protection and credit monitoring services at no cost to them.

There are approximately 2,721 Washington residents affected by this incident. Attached for your
reference is a copy of the notice being sent to the affected individuals on or around September
22, 2015. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.

Very truly yours,


Lisa J. Sotto

Enclosure
      ATLANTA AUSTIN BANGKOK BEIJING BRUSSELS CHARLOTTE DALLAS HOUSTON LONDON LOS ANGELES
        McLEAN MIAMI NEW YORK NORFOLK RALEIGH RICHMOND SAN FRANCISCO TOKYO WASHINGTON
                                            www.hunlon.com
                                                                         Membership Number:

                                                                         Visit Kroll.idMonitoringService.com and follow the online
                                                                         instructions to activate your credit monitoring service.
                                                                         Call 1-844-530-4125 if you have a question or need assistance.
                                                                         Call between 8 am and 5 pm (Central Time), Monday through Friday.
                                                                         Kroll. idMonitoringService.com is compatible with the current version
                                                                         or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.




Dear

We are writing to notify you of an incident that may involve some of your personal information. We recently learned that
PNI Digital Media ("PNI"), the third-party service provider that manages and hosts mywayphotos.riteaid.com, experienced
a data security issue that impacted certain online and mobile photo account customer data. Based on PNI's investigation,
we understand that malware placed on PNI's servers may have enabled an unauthorized party to obtain certain customer
information between August 20, 2014 and July 14, 2015. The personal information that may have been compromised as
a result of this incident includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and payment card information
(including card number, security code and expiration date) of some Rite Aid customers who made purchases on
mywayphotos.riteaid.com during the relevant time period. Promptly after becoming aware of this issue, Rite Aid shut
down access to its online and mobile photo services. Based on the investigation, we have no evidence at this time that
any of our customers' information has been misused as a result of this incident.
This issue did not involve the compromise of any Rite Aid computer system, and RiteAid.com, Rite Aid Online Store,
My Pharmacy, wellness+ with Plenti, and in-store systems were not impacted.
We take our obligation to safeguard personal information very seriously and are alerting you about this issue so you can
take steps to help protect yourself. You are entitled under U.S. law to one free credit report annually from each of the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call toll-free
at 1-877-322-8228. We encourage you to remain vigilant by reviewing your account statements and monitoring your free
credit reports.
In addition, we have arranged for Kroll, a global risk mitigation provider, to offer identity theft protection and credit monitoring
services to affected individuals for one year at no cost to them. The attached Reference Guide provides information on
registration and recommendations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on the protection of personal information.
We hope this information is useful to you. If you have any questions regarding this incident, please call 1-844-530-4125,
Monday through Friday, from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. CST.
We regret any inconvenience this may cause you.
Sincerely,




                                                                                                                                    ?1????- 0915
                                                   Reference Guide
We encourage customers receiving this letter to take the following steps:
Order Your Free Credit Report. To order your free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com, call toll-free at 1-877-322-
8228, or complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's ("FTC") website at www.
consumer.ftc.gov and mail it to Annual Credit Report Request Service, RO. Box 105281, Atlanta, GA 30348-5281. The three
consumer reporting agencies provide free annual credit reports only through the website, toll-free number or request form.
When you receive your credit report, review it carefully. Look for accounts you did not open. Look in the "inquiries" section
for names of creditors from whom you haven't requested credit. Some companies bill under names other than their store
or commercial names. The consumer reporting agency will be able to tell you when that is the case. Look in the "personal
information" section for any inaccuracies in your information (such as home address and Social Security number). If you
see anything you do not understand, call the consumer reporting agency at the telephone number on the report. Errors in
this information may be a warning sign of possible identity theft. You should notify the consumer reporting agencies of any
inaccuracies in your report, whether due to error or fraud, as soon as possible so the information can be investigated and,
if found to be in error, corrected. If there are accounts or charges you did not authorize, immediately notify the appropriate
consumer reporting agency by telephone and in writing. Consumer reporting agency staff will review your report with you.
If the information can't be explained, then you will need to call the creditors involved. Information that can't be explained
also should be reported to your local police or sheriff's office because it may signal criminal activity.
Identity Theft Protection Services. We have arranged for Kroll to provide affected Rite Aid customers with identity theft
protection services at no cost to them. To obtain these services, you will need to provide your membership number, which
is:                                The services include:
Credit Monitoring: This service provides no-cost access to Kroll's Credit Monitoring service for 12 months from the date
of this letter. Once activated, the Credit Monitoring service will provide you with alerts when there are certain changes in
your credit file that could indicate an issue. To activate the service, please visit kroll.idmonitoringservice.com and follow the
instructions on the website. To receive credit monitoring service through the mail, you may call 1-844-530-4125. To receive
credit monitoring, you must be over the age of 18 and have established credit in the U.S., have a Social Security number
in your name, and have a U.S. residential address associated with your credit file. Kroll.idMonitoringService.com is only
compatible with the current version or one version earlier of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
Identity Theft Consultation and Restoration: Kroll's licensed investigators are available to listen, answer your questions, and
address concerns you may have. If you believe your credit may be affected by this incident, please call 1-844-530-4125,
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. CST, Monday through Friday, and the investigator will work to help restore your identity. Please have
your membership number ready.
Additional services Kroll is making available to you on Rite Aid's behalf include Web Watcher, Public Persona, Quick Cash Scan,
and a $1 million identity theft insurance policy. Please review the enclosed brochure for more information on these services.
Report Incidents. If you detect any unauthorized transactions in a financial account, promptly notify your payment card
company or financial institution. If you detect any incident of identity theft or fraud, promptly report the incident to law
enforcement, the FTC and your state Attorney General. If you believe your identity has been stolen, the FTC recommends
that you take these steps:
   • Close the accounts that you have confirmed or believe have been tampered with or opened fraudulently. Use the
      FTC's ID Theft Affidavit (available at www.ftc.gov/idtheft) when you dispute new unauthorized accounts.
   • File a local police report. Obtain a copy of the police report and submit it to your creditors and any others that may
      require proof of the identity theft crime.
You can contact the FTC to learn more about how to protect yourself from becoming a victim of identity theft and how to
repair identity theft:
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580
1 -877-IDTHEFT (438-4338)
www.ftc.gov/idtheft/
Consider Placing a Fraud Alert on Your Credit File. To protect yourself from possible identity theft, consider placing a
fraud alert on your credit file. A fraud alert helps protect you against the possibility of an identity thief opening new credit
accounts in your name. When a merchant checks the credit history of someone applying for credit, the merchant gets a
notice that the applicant may be the victim of identity theft. The alert notifies the merchant to take steps to verify the
identity of the applicant. You can place a fraud alert on your credit report by calling any one of the toll-free numbers
provided below. You will reach an automated telephone system that allows you to flag your file with a fraud alert at all three
consumer reporting agencies. For more information on fraud alerts, you also may contact the FTC as described above.
Equifax:                                              Experian:                                  TransUnion:
Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc.             Experian Inc.                              TransUnion LLC
P.O. Box 740241                                       RO. Box 9554                               P.O. Box 2000
Atlanta, GA 30374                                     Allen, TX 75013                            Chester, PA 19022-2000
1-800-525-6285                                        1-888-397-3742                             1-800-680-7289
www.equifax.com                                       www.experian.com                           www.transunion.com
Consider Placing a Security Freeze on Your Credit File. You may wish to place a "security freeze" (also known as a
"credit freeze") on your credit file. A security freeze is designed to prevent potential creditors from accessing your credit file
at the consumer reporting agencies without your consent. There may be fees for placing, lifting, and/or removing a security
freeze, which generally range from $5-$20 per action. Unlike a fraud alert, you must place a security freeze on your credit
file at each consumer reporting agency individually. For more information on security freezes, you may contact the three
nationwide consumer reporting agencies or the FTC as described above. As the instructions for establishing a security
freeze differ from state to state, please contact the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies to find out more information.
The consumer reporting agencies may require proper identification prior to honoring your request. For example, you may
be asked to provide:
   • Your full name with middle initial and generation (such as Jr., Sr., II, Ill)
   • Your Social Security number
   • Your date of birth
   • Addresses where you have lived over the past five years
   • A legible copy of a government-issued identification card (such as a state driver's license or military ID card)
   • Proof of your current residential address (such as a current utility bill or account statement)
For Maryland Residents. You can obtain information from the Maryland Office of the Attorney General about steps you
can take to avoid identity theft. You may contact the Maryland Attorney General at:
Maryland Office of the Attorney General
Consumer Protection Division
200 St. Paul Place
Baltimore, MD 21202
(888) 743-0023 (toll-free in Maryland)
(410) 576-6300
www.oag.state.md.us
For Massachusetts Residents. You have the right to obtain a police report and request a security freeze as described
above. The consumer reporting agencies may charge you a fee of up to $5 to place a security freeze on your account, and
may require that you provide certain personal information (such as your name, Social Security number, date of birth, and
address) and proper identification (such as a copy of a government-issued ID card and a bill or statement) prior to honoring
your request. There is no charge, however, to place, lift or remove a security freeze if you have been a victim of identity
theft and you provide the consumer reporting agencies with a valid police report.
For North Carolina Residents. You can obtain information from the North Carolina Attorney General's Office about preventing
identity theft. You can contact the North Carolina Attorney General at:
North Carolina Attorney General's Office
9001 Mail Service Center
Raleigh, NC 27699-9001
(877) 566-7226 (toll-free in North Carolina)
(919) 716-6400
www.ncdoj.gov
                                                                                                                                          Kroll.

Take Advantage of Your Identity Theft Protection Services
You've been provided with access to services from Kroll, a global leader in risk mitigation. Over the past 14 years,
Kroll has provided data breach response services for cases impacting more than 100 million individuals. When you
need assistance, our team is available to answer your questions.



The following services are included in your Essential Monitoring package:

                                        Kroll employs a team of experienced licensed investigators to provide you with expert,
                                        one-on-one assistance:

                                        Consultation: You have unlimited access to consultation with a dedicated licensed
                                        investigator at Kroll. Support includes best practice tips to assist in ongoing protection,
       (                                explaining your rights and protections under the law, assistance with fraud alerts, and
                                        interpreting how personal information is accessed and used, including investigating
                                        suspicious activity that could be tied to an identity theft event.

                                        Restoration: Should you become a victim of identity theft, a dedicated licensed
                                        investigator can work on your behalf to resolve related issues. The investigator does
                                        more than shoulder the bulk of the recovery; they can dig deep to uncover all aspects
                                        of the theft, and then work with creditors, collection agencies, utilities, government
                                        entities, and more     to resolve it.
                                                              ...




                                        Credit Monitoring through TransUnion: Credit services can be a key tool in detecting
          r"UI44!.4                     early warning signs of identity theft. You'll receive alerts when there are changes to your
                                        credit data—for instance, when a new line of credit is applied for in your name. If you do
                                        not recognize the activity, you'll have the option to call a Kroll investigator, who can help
                                        you determine if it's an indicator of identity theft. You'll also receive "no activity" notices
                                        if there have been no changes to your data.

                                        Web Watcher: Web Watcher helps to detect if your personal information is being bought
                                        and sold online. This program monitors hacker chat rooms, forums and other websites
                                        where criminals are known to trade stolen information. Thousands of sites are monitored,
                                        looking for matches to your personal information, such as Social Security, medical ID,
                                        and financial account numbers. If your information is found, you will be promptly alerted
                                        and provided with instructions to contact your investigator. Monitoring starts as soon
                                        as you enroll and select the information to search.

                                                                                       Your identity theft protection services are continued on back




                          How to Take Advantage of Your Identitylheft Protection Services


            Visit kroll.idMonitoringService.com
    and follow the online instructions to take advantage                                             Help is only a phone call away.
         of your identity theft protection services.                                 If you have a question, need assistance, or feel you may be a

    You can view your services at any time by logging onto Kroll's               victim of identity theft, call Kroll at the toll-free number provided in
 identity protection website. When you enroll, be prepared to provide              the accompanying letter, and ask to speak with an investigator.
   the membership number included with the accompanying letter.

             i    II            ii)lI                          i    /   U In I    II   / III II fli'tI I!   )]lI   I/il   H     1111       H U
Public Persona: Public Persona monitors public record databases for names, aliases
and addresses that are associated with your Social Security number. Records include,
among other data sources, property or deed registration, internet job site providers,
state occupational license data, and court proceedings. If information is found, an
alert email is sent. If you see a name, address or alias that is not associated with you,
contact Kroll's investigators for more information. Once you have enrolled, you can
view the services at any time by logging onto Kroll's identity protection website,

Quick Cash Scan: Quick Cash Scan monitors thousands of short-term and cash-advance
loan sources, such as rent-to-own or payday lenders. These are sometimes referred to
as "non-credit" loans because the application process does not always include a credit
check, making it easier to use stolen or fraudulent identity information. You'll receive an
alert when a loan is reported, and you'll have the option to call a Kroll investigator for
more information.

$1 Million Identity Theft Insurance: Reimburses you for out-of-pocket expenses
totaling up to $1 million in legal costs for any one stolen identity event. Additional
benefits include a $0 deductible and coverage for fees associated with replacing
documents, traveling expenses, loss of income, child care and elderly care and
fraudulent withdrawals. All coverage is subject to the conditions and exclusions
in the policy.
