October 13, 2015

By E-Mail and Regular Mail:         SecurityBreach@atg.wa.gov

Consumer Protection
800 5th Avenue, Suite 2000
Seattle, WA 98104-3188

Re:   Notice of Data Security Event

To Whom It May Concern:

We represent Service Systems Associates, Inc. (“SSA”), 4699 Marion Street, Denver,
Colorado 80216, and are writing to notify you of a data security incident that may have
compromised the security of personal information of an unconfirmed number Washington
residents.

Service Systems Associates provides visitor services to cultural attractions in cities
throughout the United States. The affected individuals, which may include Washington
residents, were visitors to gift shops in 10 zoos, museums, and other attractions located in
California, Florida, Hawaii, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Texas. Service Systems Associates
does not have access to contact information for any of the affected individuals and, as a
result, has provided substitute notice and media notice to affected individuals on October
13, 2015, in substantially the same form as the notice attached as Exhibit A.

The investigation into this event was completed by Sikich, an independent forensic
investigator, with the final report provided to SSA on September 25, 2015. To date, SSA has
not received the final number of potentially affected consumers. By providing this notice,
Service Systems Associates does not waive any rights or defenses regarding the
applicability of Washington law or personal jurisdiction.

Nature of the Data Security Event

On June 18, 2015, Service Systems Associates discovered suspicious activity on several of
its point of sale systems and immediately began an investigation to identify and remediate
any security vulnerability. Service Systems Associates also began working with law
enforcement officials and a third party forensics team to investigate the incident. This
notice has not been delayed because of any law enforcement investigation, but the Secret
Service has been kept apprised of the breach and relevant information regarding the
breach.
Consumer Protection
October 13, 2015
Page 2

Service Systems Associates has determined that the security of some personal information
contained on its systems has been affected. The personal information affected by this
incident may include the following information relating to what SSA believes is
approximately 60,000 individuals who used a credit or debit card at one of the limited
number of gift shops in the aforementioned States between March 24, 2015 and May 20,
2015: cardholder name, expiration date, primary account number, and magnetic stripe
data.

Notice to Affected Residents

Service Systems Associates immediately notified credit card companies of this incident, and
those companies have assumed responsibility for notifying affected cardholders. Service
Systems Associates does not have access to contact information for affected cardholders
and, as a result, cannot provide individual notifications and cannot determine States of
residence. Service Systems Associates has, however, provided substitute and media notice
throughout the United States and has notified the relevant consumer reporting agencies. In
addition, Service Systems Associates has provided on the front page of its website,
www.kmssa.com, a link to details and updates regarding the incident and investigation. A
copy of this website notice is attached as Exhibit B.

Other Actions Taken

Service Systems Associates takes this matter, and the security of the personal information
in its care, seriously and has taken measures to restore the secure functionality of the
affected systems. Upon discovering this data security compromise, Service Systems
Associates took steps to identify and remediate potential vulnerabilities in its systems and
enhance the security of its systems. Service Systems Associates continues to work closely
with its third-party experts to fully remediate this incident. Remedial efforts include
identifying and removing the malware that caused the breach, including dual
authentication for remote access, encryption devices, and the elimination of keyboard
based mag readers, among other things.

To support potentially affected individuals, Service Systems Associates has established a
toll-free hotline to answer questions about this incident and to provide information
relating to protection against identity theft and fraud. Service Systems Associates will
provide affected individuals access to a one-year membership to credit monitoring and
identity protection services through Experian, at no cost to the affected individual. Service
Systems Associates has also worked closely with credit card companies and its payment
processor, to ensure that affected individuals are notified of this incident.
Consumer Protection
October 13, 2015
Page 3

Contact Information

Should you have any questions regarding this notification or other aspects of the data
security compromise, please contact me at (720) 904-6010.

Sincerely,



Christopher McNicholas

Enclosures
                                                                                    EXHIBIT
                                                                                          A
                                   NEWS RELEASE

Media Contacts:
Kara Hamstra / Kyle Adams
Sikich Marketing & Public Relations
khamstra@sikich.com / kadams@sikich.com
312-541-9300 x 106 / 101


         Service Systems Associates, Inc. Victim of Data Security Breach


DENVER – Oct. 13, 2015 – Service Systems Associates, Inc. (SSA) was the victim of a
payment security breach between March 24 and May 20, 2015. The breach occurred in
the company’s point-of-sale systems used by gift shops in several zoos.

The malware that caused the breach was identified and removed, and all visitors should
feel confident using credit or debit cards anywhere in these facilities.

As soon as SSA learned about the attack, it investigated the breach, working alongside
Sikich, an independent forensic investigator accredited by the Payment Card Industry
Security Standards Council. At the same time, SSA also took several steps to improve
its security and prevent future attacks.

The following locations were affected by the breach:
    Dallas Zoo
    Detroit Zoo
    El Paso Zoo
    Fresno Chaffee Zoo
    Herman Park Conservancy
    Honolulu Zoo
    Houston Zoo
    Zoo Miami
    Museum of Science and Industry (Tampa, Florida)
    Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium

Sikich has confirmed that malware has been located and removed from all affected SSA
clients. Neither the malware nor its known artifacts have been found at any other SSA
client locations.

SSA collaborated with affected zoos to alert their patrons and notified the credit card
companies of the situation. Guests who used retail facilities at the affected locations
between March 24 and May 20, 2015, should visit SSA’s website for more information.
To help any guest affected by this data breach, SSA will offer one year of fraud
protection. To learn more about how to enroll in this service, please also visit SSA’s
website.
SSA News Release
Page 2 of 2




Consumers who see any fraudulent activity on a credit or debit card should contact the
relevant card issuer as soon as possible. Most credit card companies do not hold
customers liable for fraudulent charges if they are promptly reported.

Additionally, here is some advice from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau:

If you believe you are a victim of identity theft, you should contact one of the consumer
reporting agencies listed below to place a fraud alert on your credit report. You only
need to contact one of the three credit reporting companies to place an alert.
      TransUnion: 1-800-680-7289; www.transunion.com; Fraud Victim Assistance
        Division, P.O. Box 6790, Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
      Equifax: 1-800-525-6285; www.equifax.com; P.O. Box 740241, Atlanta, GA
        30374-0241
      Experian: 1-888-EXPERIAN (397-3742); www.experian.com; P.O. Box 9554,
        Allen, TX 75013
For more details on the steps to take if you are a victim of identity theft, visit the Federal
Trade Commission’s Identity Theft website at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/.


                                             ###
                                                                                             EXHIBIT
                                                                                                  B
Details on Service Systems Associates, Inc. Data Breach
We are providing this notification to report that Service Systems Associates, Inc. (“SSA”) was
recently the victim of a data security breach.
The incident occurred in the point-of-sale systems located in the gift shops of fewer than a dozen
of our clients. This means that if a guest used a credit or debit card in the gift shop at one of the
following partner facilities between March 24 and May 20, 2015, the information on that card
may have been compromised: Dallas Zoo, Detroit Zoo, El Paso Zoo, Fresno Chaffee Zoo,
Herman Park Conservancy, Honolulu Zoo, Houston Zoo, Zoo Miami, Tampa’s Museum of
Science and Industry, and the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium.
Investigation
SSA takes this issue very seriously. As soon as we learned about the attack, SSA began working
with law enforcement officials and a third-party forensic investigator, Sikich, to investigate the
breach. Through this investigation, we learned that the security of some personal information,
including names, and credit card numbers had been affected. SSA has also notified the major
credit card companies of this situation and they are in the process of notifying their customers.
Though the investigation into this attack continues, this notice has not been delayed by law
enforcement. SSA has taken steps to protect the personal information of guests from further
unauthorized access, including identifying and removing the malware that caused the breach.
SSA is also taking several steps to improve its security and prevent future attacks, including dual
authentication for remote access, encryption devices, and the elimination of keyboard based mag
readers, among other things.
Identity Protection Services
Out of an abundance of caution, we are offering affected individuals access to one year of credit
monitoring services at no cost. Information about these services may be obtained by e-mailing
servicesystems@protectmyid.com.
Protecting Yourself From Fraud
We suggest that individuals who may have been affected by this incident remain vigilant by
reviewing account statements for suspicious activity and monitoring free credit reports. Under
U.S. law, individuals are entitled to a free annual credit report from each of the three major credit
bureaus. To obtain a free credit report, visit www.annualcreditreport.com or call, toll-free, (877)
322-8228. Guests who view any fraudulent activity on a credit or debit card should contact the
relevant card issuer as soon as possible. Most credit card companies do not hold customers
liable for fraudulent charges if they are promptly reported.
If you believe you are a victim of identity theft, you should contact one of the consumer
reporting agencies listed below to place a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit report.
You only need to contact one of the three credit reporting companies to place an alert.
TransUnion:
1-800-680-7289
www.transunion.com
Fraud Victim Assistance Division
P.O. Box 6790
Fullerton, CA 92834-6790
Equifax:
1-800-525-6285
www.equifax.com
P.O. Box 740241
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241
Experian:
1-888-EXPERIAN (397-3742)
www.experian.com
P.O. Box 9554
Allen, TX 75013
Suspected incidents of identity theft should be immediately reported to local law enforcement,
the Federal Trade Commission, and your state Attorney General. State Attorneys General and
the FTC may also have advice on preventing identity theft, including placing a fraud alert or
security freeze on your credit files.
For North Carolina and Maryland Residents
We are required by Maryland and North Carolina state laws to notify you that you may obtain
information about preventing identity theft by contacting the Maryland and North Carolina
Attorneys General.
      For North Carolina residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 9001 Mail Service
       Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-9001, (919) 716-6400, www.ncdoj.gov.

      For Maryland residents, the Attorney General can be contacted at 200 St. Paul Place, 16th
       Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, (888) 743-0023, www.oag.state.md.us.
You may also contact the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20580,
www.ftc.gov/idtheft, (877) ID-THEFT (877-438-4338); TTY: (866) 653-4261.
For Residents of Massachusetts and West Virginia
We are required by Massachusetts and West Virginia law to notify affected individuals (1) that
they have the right to obtain any police report filed in regard to this incident; (2) that if they are
the victim of identity theft, they also have the right to file a police report and obtain a copy of it;
and (3) that they may place a security freeze on their credit reports.
A security freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency from releasing any information from a
consumer’s credit report without written authorization. However, please be aware that placing a
security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval of
any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services.
If you have been a victim of identity theft, and you provide the credit reporting agency with a
valid police report, it cannot charge you to place, lift or remove a security freeze. In all other
cases, a credit reporting agency may charge you up to $5.00 in Massachusetts and $5.30 in West
Virginia to place, temporarily lift, or permanently remove a security freeze.
To place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written request to each of the
three major consumer reporting agencies. In order to request a security freeze, you will need to
provide the following information:
1. Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, III, etc.);
2. Social Security Number;
3. Date of birth;
4. If you have moved in the past five (5) years, provide the addresses where you have lived over
the prior five years;
5. Proof of current address such as a current utility bill or telephone bill;
6. A legible photocopy of a government issued identification card (state driver’s license or ID
card, military identification, etc.)
7. If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of either the police report, investigative
report, or complaint to a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft;
8. If you are not a victim of identity theft, include payment by check, money order, or credit card
(Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover only). Do not send cash through the mail.
The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business days after receiving your request to place a
security freeze on your credit report. The credit bureaus must also send written confirmation to
you within five (5) business days and provide you with a unique personal identification number
(PIN) or password, or both that can be used by you to authorize the removal or lifting of the
security freeze. To lift the security freeze in order to allow a specific entity or individual access
to your credit report, you must call or send a written request to the credit reporting agencies by
mail and include proper identification (name, address, and social security number) and the PIN
number or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze as well as the identities
of those entities or individuals you would like to receive your credit report or the specific period
of time you want the credit report available. The credit reporting agencies have three (3) business
days after receiving your request to lift the security freeze for those identified entities or for the
specified period of time.
To remove the security freeze, you must send a written request to each of the three credit bureaus
by mail and include proper identification (name, address, and social security number) and the
PIN number or password provided to you when you placed the security freeze. The credit
bureaus have three (3) business days after receiving your request to remove the security freeze.
Contact Information
We will provide relevant updates on our website as soon as they may become available. SSA is
available to answer any questions about the data security breach and the personal information
maintained by SSA that may have been compromised, and to provide more information about the
credit monitoring and identity protection services we are offering. We may be reached from 8:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. MST at [insert toll free information], or creditinvestigation@kmssa.com.
Again, we are very sorry for any inconvenience due to this situation.
