                                                                                           Web.com Group, Inc.
                                                                                   12808 Gran Bay Parkway West
                                    TM                                                    Jacksonville, FL 32258
                                                                                                T 904 680 6600
                                                                                                F 904 880 0350
                                              2Or                r.                          NASDAQ: WWWW


  August 18, 2015
                                                                               RECEIVED

  1125 Washington Street SE                                                       4U6 2 rj zois
  P0 Box 40100
                                                                            CONSUMER PROTECTION OMSIOM
/ Olympia, WA 98504-0100                                                           SEATTLE
  Dear Attorney General Ferguson:

       We are writing to inform you that on August 13, 2015, Web.com Group, Inc. ("Web.com"),
  discovered that it had been the victim of a a sophisticated criminal cyber security attack. Through
  an extensive forensics examination it was revealed that customer personal information including
  credit card information, name, and address may have been accessed. There were 1,595
  Washington residents affected.

        Please be assured that Web.com is taking this matter very seriously. We have been working
  diligently to investigate the unauthorized activity and remediate the method of unauthorized access.
  Upon discovering this unauthorized activity, we began working with a nationally recognized IT
  security firm to conduct a thorough investigation into the extent of this unauthorized activity. We
  have notified the credit card companies and have provided them with the affected credit card
  numbers so they can notify the banks that issued the affected credit cards. We have also notified
  law enforcement officials of the attack and are cooperating with their investigation.

       A copy of the notification letter sent to the affected customers is enclosed. Please feel free to
  contact me at 904-680-6600 or at Ieqakweb,com if you have any questions.


                                                    Sincerely,



                                                    Matthew P. McClure
                                                    Chief Legal Counsel and Secretary

 Enclosure
                                   David Brown Letter/Email to Customers

Dear (Web.com Customer Name),

We regret to inform you that an attack on one of our computer systems was discovered on August 13,
2015 that may have compromised your credit/debit card ending in XXXX, including the card number,
name and address associated with the account. The card validation code (CVV) was not disclosed, and
no other information on your account was accessed.

Please accept my sincere apology for any inconvenience this may cause you. We take this incident very
seriously. It was a crime against Web.com and most importantly against you our valued customer.
                                                                             -




We want you to know a few important things:
   • The company uncovered the unauthorized activity through its ongoing security monitoring and
      immediately shut it down.
    •   We are working with the credit card processors, federal and local authorities, and a leading IT
        forensic specialist to address the issue.
    •   No social security numbers were compromised. We do not store social security numbers on our
        systems. Your login and password information associated with your Web.com services were not
        compromised.
        There was no service interruption associated with your services.
        While you are not responsible for any fraudulent activity on your account, we urge you to
        closely monitor your account for any suspicious or unusual activity. We encourage you to
        contact your bank immediately to discuss any unusual activity that you see. We also advise you
        to monitor your own credit reports.

As additional protection, Web.com is providing you with one-year of free credit monitoring services.
Please read the information at the end of this letter to enroll in the credit monitoring program.

At Web.com, your security is critically important to us. We value our relationship with you and
continually work to create a secure and reliable web environment for you. We appreciate your
understanding and patience on this unfortunate incident, and most importantly, we value the trust you
place in us.

For more information about this security incident, you may call 877-218-2561 and reference
#2761081715 or go to the list of Frequently Asked Questions on http://security-facis.web.com.

I thank you for your patience, understanding and trust in Web.com.

(David's Signature Here)
David L. Brown
Chairman, CEO and President, Web. corn

                                  Credit Monitoring Enrollment Information

What we are doing to protect your information:
To help protect your identity, we are offering a complimentary one-year membership of Experian's




8/18/2015 3:58 PM18 August 2015
ProtectMyID Alert. This product helps detect possible misuse of your personal information and provides
you with superior identity protection support focused on immediate identification and resolution of
identity theft.

Activate ProtectMylD Now in Three Easy Steps:
1. Ensure that you enroll by: November 30, 2015 -The reference number will not work after this date.
2. To enroll: Call 877-297-7780 or go to: www.protectmyid.com/alert. The confidential inquiry line is
    available Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. ET at 877-297-7780.
3. Please use your unique activation code found on your email and letter sent to you by Web.com.

Additional details regarding your 12-MONTH ProtectMylD Membership:
A CREDIT CARD IS NOT REQUIRED FOR ENROLLMENT. ONCE YOUR PROTECTMYID MEMBERSHIP IS
ACTIVATED, YOU WILL RECEIVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES:
• Free copy of your Experian credit report
' Surveillance Alerts for:
       o Daily Bureau Credit Monitoring: Alerts of key changes & suspicious activity found on your
            Experian credit report.
   Identity Theft Resolution & ProtectMylD ExtendCARETM: Toll-free access to US-based customer care
   and a dedicated Identity Theft Resolution agent who will walk you through the process of fraud
   resolution from start to finish for seamless service. They will investigate each incident; help with
   contacting credit grantors to dispute charges and close accounts including credit, debit and medical
   insurance cards; assist with freezing credit files; contact government agencies.
       o It is recognized that identity theft can happen months and even years after a data breach.
            To offer added protection, you will receive ExtendCARETM, which provides you with the
            same high-level of Fraud Resolution support even after your ProtectMylD membership has
            expired.
   $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance*: Immediately covers certain costs including, lost wages, private
   investigator fees, and unauthorized electronic fund transfers.

Once your enrollment in ProtectMylD is complete, you should carefully review your credit report for
inaccurate or suspicious items. If you have any questions about ProtectMylD, need help understanding
something on your credit report or suspect that an item on your credit report may be fraudulent, please
call 877-297-7780.

* Identity theft insurance is underwritten by insurance company subsidiaries or affiliates of AIG. The description herein is a summary and
intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to
the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.


                                   Contact Information       -   National Credit Reporting Agencies

Note: if you decide to place a 90-day fraud alert on your account, you only need to contact one of the three credit
reporting agencies listed below. Once you have requested an alert with one agency, your request will be
automatically sent to the other two agencies. In most cases, the alert will be placed on your credit file with all
three agencies within 48 hours.

You may also place a security freeze on your credit report. A security freeze prohibits a credit reporting agency
from releasing any information from a consumer's credit report without written authorization. However, please be
aware that placing a security freeze on your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prevent the timely approval
of any requests you make for new loans, credit mortgages, employment, housing or other services.




8/18/2015 3:58 PM18 August 2015
The cost for placing a security freeze varies by state, so please call or visit the credit reporting agencies' websites
to find that information for your state. To place a security freeze on your credit report, you must send a written
request with the following information to each of the three major consumer reporting agencies by regular,
certified or overnight mail at the addresses listed below.

    • Your full name (including middle initial as well as Jr., Sr., II, Ill, etc.);
    • Social Security number;
    • Date of birth;
    • If you have moved in the past five (5) years, the addresses where you lived over the prior five years;
    • Proof of current address such as a current utility bill or telephone bill;
    • A legible photocopy of a government-issued ID card (state driver's license or ID card, military ID, etc.);
    • If you are a victim of identity theft, include a copy of the police report, investigative report, or complaint to
       a law enforcement agency concerning identity theft.




8/18/2015 3:58 PM18 August 2015
